A person on a horse jumps over a broken down airplane.	A person is at a diner, ordering an omelette.	0
A person on a horse jumps over a broken down airplane.	A person is outdoors, on a horse.	1
Children smiling and waving at camera	There are children present	1
Children smiling and waving at camera	The kids are frowning	0
A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy skates down the sidewalk.	0
A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy does a skateboarding trick.	1
An older man sits with his orange juice at a small table in a coffee shop while employees in bright colored shirts smile in the background.	A boy flips a burger.	0
Two blond women are hugging one another.	The women are sleeping.	0
Two blond women are hugging one another.	There are women showing affection.	1
A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is drinking orange juice.	The people are sitting at desks in school.	0
A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is drinking orange juice.	The diners are at a restaurant.	1
An older man is drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	A man is drinking juice.	1
An older man is drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	Two women are at a restaurant drinking wine.	0
A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man wearing a brown shirt is reading a book on a bench in the park	0
A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man drinking water from a fountain.	1
Two women who just had lunch hugging and saying goodbye.	The friends scowl at each other over a full dinner table.	0
Two women who just had lunch hugging and saying goodbye.	There are two woman in this picture.	1
Two women, holding food carryout containers, hug.	Two groups of rival gang members flipped each other off.	0
Two women, holding food carryout containers, hug.	Two women hug each other.	1
A Little League team tries to catch a runner sliding into a base in an afternoon game.	A team is trying to tag a runner out.	1
A Little League team tries to catch a runner sliding into a base in an afternoon game.	A team is playing baseball on Saturn.	0
The school is having a special event in order to show the american culture on how other cultures are dealt with in parties.	A school hosts a basketball game.	0
The school is having a special event in order to show the american culture on how other cultures are dealt with in parties.	A school is hosting an event.	1
High fashion ladies wait outside a tram beside a crowd of people in the city.	The women do not care what clothes they wear.	0
High fashion ladies wait outside a tram beside a crowd of people in the city.	Women are waiting by a tram.	1
A man, woman, and child enjoying themselves on a beach.	A family of three is at the beach.	1
A man, woman, and child enjoying themselves on a beach.	A family of three is at the mall shopping.	0
People waiting to get on a train or just getting off.	There are people just getting on a train	1
People waiting to get on a train or just getting off.	There are people waiting on a train.	1
A couple playing with a little boy on the beach.	A couple are playing with a young child outside.	1
A couple playing with a little boy on the beach.	A couple watch a little girl play by herself on the beach.	0
A couple play in the tide with their young son.	The family is sitting down for dinner.	0
A couple play in the tide with their young son.	The family is outside.	1
A man and a woman cross the street in front of a pizza and gyro restaurant.	The people are standing still on the curb.	0
A man and a woman cross the street in front of a pizza and gyro restaurant.	Near a couple of restaurants, two people walk across the street.	1
A woman in a green jacket and hood over her head looking towards a valley.	The woman is nake.	0
A woman in a green jacket and hood over her head looking towards a valley.	The woman is wearing green.	1
Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	They are protesting outside the capital.	0
Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	A woman in white.	1
Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	A man is advertising for a restaurant.	1
Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	The woman is wearing black.	0
Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	The woman is wearing white.	1
Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	Olympic swimming.	0
Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	A man and a soman are eating together at John's Pizza and Gyro.	0
Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	They are walking with a sign.	1
Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	The man is sitting down while he has a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in his arms.	0
Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.	The woman and man are outdoors.	1
Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two adults run across the street to get away from a red shirted person chasing them.	0
Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	The adults are both male and female.	1
Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two adults swimming in water	0
Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two adults walk across a street.	1
Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two people ride bicycles into a tunnel.	0
Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two people walk away from a restaurant across a street.	1
Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Some people board a train.	0
Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two adults walk across the street.	1
Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	Two adults walking across a road	1
Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.	There are no women in the picture.	0
A woman wearing all white and eating, walks next to a man holding a briefcase.	A married couple is sleeping.	0
A woman wearing all white and eating, walks next to a man holding a briefcase.	A female is next to a man.	1
A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	Nobody has food.	0
A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	A woman eats a banana and walks across a street, and there is a man trailing behind her.	1
A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	The woman and man are playing baseball together.	0
A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	A woman eats ice cream walking down the sidewalk, and there is another woman in front of her with a purse.	0
A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	A person eating.	1
A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	a woman eating a banana crosses a street	1
A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	a woman sits for lunch	0
A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	the woman is having coffee at the cafe	0
A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	The woman is eating a banana.	1
A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.	the woman is outside	1
A skier slides along a metal rail.	A skier is near the rail.	1
A skier slides along a metal rail.	A skier is away from the rail.	0
A person on skis on a rail at night.	The woman eats a car	0
A person on skis on a rail at night.	The person skiis	1
A skier in electric green on the edge of a ramp made of metal bars.	The brightly dressed skier slid down the race course.	1
A skier in electric green on the edge of a ramp made of metal bars.	The jogger ran through the streets.	0
A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object.	A snowboarder is riding a ski lift.	0
A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object.	Somebody is engaging in winter sports.	1
A blond man is drinking from a public fountain.	The man is drinking water.	1
A blond man is drinking from a public fountain.	The man is drinking coffee.	0
Wet brown dog swims towards camera.	The dog is sleeping in his bed.	0
Wet brown dog swims towards camera.	A dog is in the water.	1
Closeup image of a dog swimming.	A cat reluctantly takes a bath.	0
Closeup image of a dog swimming.	A dog swims in a body of water.	1
The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean.	A dog is swimming.	1
The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean.	A dog is running around the yard.	0
A big brown dog swims towards the camera.	A dog is chasing a stick.	0
A big brown dog swims towards the camera.	A dog swims towards the camera.	1
A man wearing black with a gray hat, holding a pitchfork, directs a horse-drawn cart.	The man with the gray hat and pitchfork is directing the cart.	1
A man wearing black with a gray hat, holding a pitchfork, directs a horse-drawn cart.	The woman in a blue dress is hitching a horse to a cart.	0
A man is leading a Clydesdale up a hay road, within a Old Country.	A man is walking with his horse up a country road.	1
A man is leading a Clydesdale up a hay road, within a Old Country.	A woman in a gray business suit is drinking tea.	0
A farmer fertilizing his garden with manure with a horse and wagon.	The man is fertilizering his garden.	1
A farmer fertilizing his garden with manure with a horse and wagon.	The man is on the city street with his horse and wagon.	0
A white horse is pulling a cart while a man stands and watches.	An animal is walking outside.	1
A white horse is pulling a cart while a man stands and watches.	A man is watching a horse race.	0
A small group of church-goers watch a choir practice.	A group watches a practice.	1
A small group of church-goers watch a choir practice.	A choir performs in front of packed crowd.	0
A dog drops a red disc on a beach.	a dog catch the ball on a beach	0
A dog drops a red disc on a beach.	a dog drops a red disc	1
A man and a woman are walking on a street at the top of a hill.	A man and woman walk on a street.	1
A man and a woman are walking on a street at the top of a hill.	Two men play catch on a hill.	0
An elderly man is drinking orange juice at a cafe.	An elderly man is drinking apple juice at a bar.	0
An elderly man is drinking orange juice at a cafe.	An old man is enjoying a beverage at a cafe.	1
A couple holding hands walks down a street.	There are people sitting on the side of the road.	0
A couple holding hands walks down a street.	People are holding hands and walking.	1
A couple walk through a white brick town.	People are walking outdoors.	1
A couple walk through a white brick town.	A man and woman walk in a brown brick city.	0
Children going home from school.	The children are at the library.	0
Children going home from school.	The school children head home.	1
People listening to a choir in a Catholic church.	People are listening to a metal band.	0
People listening to a choir in a Catholic church.	Choir singing in mass.	1
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	A bicyclist is sitting down having lunch at the mall.	0
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	The bicyclists are outside.	1
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	The bicycles are on a road.	1
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	A person on a bike is near a street.	1
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	Bikers stop and wait for traffic at the intersection.	1
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	The bicyclists ride through the mall on their bikes.	0
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	Bicyclists waiting their turn to cross.	1
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	Bicyclists riding along a freeway.	0
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	The bicyclists are dead.	0
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.	The bicyclists are at home.	0
People waiting at a light on bikes.	A bunch of friends are on a boat	0
People waiting at a light on bikes.	People with bikes.	1
People waiting at a light on bikes.	The people are inside waiting.	0
People waiting at a light on bikes.	There are some people outside.	1
People waiting at a light on bikes.	People are on their bikes.	1
People waiting at a light on bikes.	The people are on bikes.	1
People waiting at a light on bikes.	The people are running a red light.	0
People waiting at a light on bikes.	People in a car race.	0
People waiting at a light on bikes.	Men and women outside on a street corner.	1
People waiting at a light on bikes.	A ladybug has landed on a beautiful pink rose.	0
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	The people are on skateboards.	0
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	People are riding their bicycles.	1
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	People wait on traffic.	1
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	People are waiting on foot.	0
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	There are bicyclists stopped at a road.	1
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	The people are sleeping.	0
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	The people are waiting for the movie to begin.	0
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	More than one person on a bicycle is obeying traffic laws.	1
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	There are people on bicycles.	1
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.	People on bicycles speed through an intersection.	0
A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	The cart is empty.	0
A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	A man is giving another man a piggyback ride.	0
A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	A cart is full of items.	1
A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	A man is sleeping under a bench.	0
A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	A man watches another man.	1
A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	Someone is on top of a cart full of items, while someone else observes.	1
A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	The man is watching a woman.	0
A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	A man is standing on top of a cart.	1
A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	The cart is filled to the top.	1
A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.	A man eats octopus.	0
A boy is drinking out of a water fountain shaped like a woman.	A male is getting a drink of water.	1
A boy is drinking out of a water fountain shaped like a woman.	A man is drinking lemonade from a glass.	0
three bikers stop in town.	Bikers stop in towns	1
three bikers stop in town.	A town has witnessed the arrival of three bikers.	1
three bikers stop in town.	Three bikers are going 100 mph	0
three bikers stop in town.	The bikers breathe water	0
three bikers stop in town.	Bikers stop for gas	1
three bikers stop in town.	There is a very angry dog.	0
three bikers stop in town.	The bikers are in the town.	1
three bikers stop in town.	A group of bikers are in the street.	1
three bikers stop in town.	The bikers didn't stop in the town.	0
three bikers stop in town.	Five bikers are riding on the road.	0
Two people loading brush on a trailer attached to a truck.	A man is carrying a canoe to the water.	0
Two people loading brush on a trailer attached to a truck.	A couple of people are loading brush onto a trailer that is attached to a truck.	1
A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	a bearded man pulls a rope	1
A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	A man pulls on a rope.	1
A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	a man pulls his beard	0
A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	a bearded man is pulling a car with his teeth.	0
A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	The man was clean shaven.	0
A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	A bearded man is pulling on a rope.	1
A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	A man in a swimsuit, swings on a rope.	0
A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	A man is wearing a black shirt	0
A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	A man is pulling on a rope.	1
A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.	The man is able to grow a beard.	1
A man with facial hair and a red and gray shirt tugging on a piece of rope.	A man is naked on the bed.	0
A man with facial hair and a red and gray shirt tugging on a piece of rope.	A man has facial hair.	1
A middle-aged oriental woman in a green headscarf and blue shirt is flashing a giant smile.	The middle aged oriental woman is watchingt v	0
A middle-aged oriental woman in a green headscarf and blue shirt is flashing a giant smile.	A middle aged oriental woman in a green headscarf and blue shirt is flashing a giant smile	1
An Asian woman in a blue top and green headscarf smiling widely as another woman rows a boat in the background.	An Asian woman is smiling at while another lady is rowing.	1
An Asian woman in a blue top and green headscarf smiling widely as another woman rows a boat in the background.	An Asian woman is running from a dog.	0
A boat worker securing line.	A worker is doing something to a boat.	1
A boat worker securing line.	The boat worker is swimming in the ocean.	0
A small girl with a necklace is swimming.	A fat girl is diving off the edge	0
A small girl with a necklace is swimming.	A small girl with a necklace is in the water	1
a skateboarder skates in the pool.	A skate swims in the pool.	0
a skateboarder skates in the pool.	A skater is in the pool.	1
A couple, who appear to be Indian or Pakistani, walk on a path beside a body of water, the mother carrying a child in a diaper, the father wrapped in a blanket with the logo of the humanitarian organization "Save the Children."	A man is wrapped in a UNICEF blanket.	0
A couple, who appear to be Indian or Pakistani, walk on a path beside a body of water, the mother carrying a child in a diaper, the father wrapped in a blanket with the logo of the humanitarian organization "Save the Children."	A couple carrying a child are walking along water.	1
There is a woman holding a baby, along with a man with a save the children bag.	A group of people are possing for an add.	1
There is a woman holding a baby, along with a man with a save the children bag.	A man is watching an airplane.	0
A family with a baby, the father is wearing a save the children sign.	Three adults are pictured.	0
A family with a baby, the father is wearing a save the children sign.	A man is wearing something with writing on it.	1
A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	they are riding a bike	0
A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	A foreign family walks by a dirt trail along a body of water.	1
A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	The family is admiring the water	1
A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	The people are driving a car on the freeway.	0
A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	A family of foreigners swims in the water.	0
A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	A group of locals run on a dirt trail next to a frozen stream.	0
A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	A family of foreigners walks by the water.	1
A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	A family walks along a dirt path.	1
A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	A family plays board games at their dinner table.	0
A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.	There is a family taking a walk outside.	1
A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	People are looking at sculptures at a museum.	1
A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	There are people next to sculptures.	1
A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	People standing near sculptures	1
A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	Three people are looking at painting at a school fair.	0
A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	Nobody is standing.	0
A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	A man and a woman are standing.	1
A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	The is a single sculpture.	0
A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	The man and woman are standing by a swimming pool.	0
A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	There are scultupres nearby.	1
A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.	A man and a woman are sitting.	0
Group of young women in dresses strolling on the sidewalk.	all the young girls won the first prize	0
Group of young women in dresses strolling on the sidewalk.	there are some groups one of them of young females are in dresses strolling for a ramp walk	1
A man wearing a striped top and jeans does a skateboard trick on some steps while a man who is hunched over photographs him.	a man is photographing a man skateboarding.	1
A man wearing a striped top and jeans does a skateboard trick on some steps while a man who is hunched over photographs him.	a man is riding his scooter alone	0
A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A man is taking the picture of a skateboarder who is being taken by aliens.	0
A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	Photographers capture a male skateboarder performing tricks inside an abandoned building.	0
A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A woman is skateboarding with her boyfriend.	0
A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A man is taking the picture of a skateboarder who is performing a trick.	1
A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A man photographs a wedding.	0
A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A man is taking photos of skateboarding tricks.	1
A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	People take photos outdoors while a man performs exciting skateboarding tricks.	1
A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A man is photographing another man.	1
A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	Two men are going down a water slide.	0
A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.	A man photographs a skateboarder doing tricks.	1
One biker is running with their bike while another is riding around them.	The people are driving cars	0
One biker is running with their bike while another is riding around them.	People have bikes	1
Two people with bicycles, one in front running with a bike and one in back riding.	Two people eating ice cream cones at the mall.	0
Two people with bicycles, one in front running with a bike and one in back riding.	One person running next to their bike with the person riding their bike behind them.	1
A young man doing a trick on a skateboard down the stairs while being photographed.	A young man roller blades across a ramp while being photographed.	0
A young man doing a trick on a skateboard down the stairs while being photographed.	A man being photographed while he does a trick on his skateboard down the stairs.	1
A lady in a black and white striped shirt and holding a bouquet of flowers, looks seriously at two gentlemen talking on the steps.	A lady with a serious face is standing with two guys in front of steps outside.	1
A lady in a black and white striped shirt and holding a bouquet of flowers, looks seriously at two gentlemen talking on the steps.	Three guys are standing indoors with flowers in their hands.	0
A man walking proudly down the street.	The man is in the theatre watching Avatar.	0
A man walking proudly down the street.	A man is outside.	1
Four teenage boys are doing cannonballs into a swimming pool.	A group of young men are splashing a lot of water.	1
Four teenage boys are doing cannonballs into a swimming pool.	Some boys are eating pizza in a restaurant.	0
Three men standing on grass by the water looking at something on a table.	The three men are outside.	1
Three men standing on grass by the water looking at something on a table.	The three men are indoors playing Foosball.	0
A woman stands behind an outdoor grill with a blue basket of food in her hands.	A woman standing behind a grill outside with a blue basket of food in her hands.	1
A woman stands behind an outdoor grill with a blue basket of food in her hands.	A woman holding a blue basket full of easter eggs outside of a church.	0
A Land Rover makes its way through a deep pond.	A car is in the shop.	0
A Land Rover makes its way through a deep pond.	A car drives through the water.	1
many people relax in the yard.	A group of people are outside.	1
many people relax in the yard.	People watch tv in their living room.	0
A car sinking in water.	A car is flooding.	1
A car sinking in water.	A truck drives down a country road in the sunshine.	0
A man wearing black is playing an electric guitar at a concert.	A man is playing the guitar.	1
A man wearing black is playing an electric guitar at a concert.	A man is playing the piano.	0
A man with wild hair rocks a show playing a guitar center stage.	The bald man played the drums.	0
A man with wild hair rocks a show playing a guitar center stage.	A guy stands on stage with his guitar.	1
woman and child on trolley car labeled Powell and market and bay and taylor	The woman is on a trolley.	1
woman and child on trolley car labeled Powell and market and bay and taylor	The woman and child are on a subway train.	0
Two female medical professionals, one african american& one white, looking over paperwork in a hospital.	Coworkers left work and are driving to lunch.	0
Two female medical professionals, one african american& one white, looking over paperwork in a hospital.	There are people at work.	1
Two ladies are reading through binders.	The girls are watching a movie.	0
Two ladies are reading through binders.	Some women are reading.	1
A man in the distance is walking past a brick wall painted with words and graffiti.	A man sits and reads the graffiti on a wall.	0
A man in the distance is walking past a brick wall painted with words and graffiti.	Grafffiti on a brick wall.	1
A woman and a child holding on to the railing while on trolley.	The people are not holding onto anything.	0
A woman and a child holding on to the railing while on trolley.	The people are holding onto the rail.	1
A man in a striped polo shirt is pointing and smiling.	The man is swimming	0
A man in a striped polo shirt is pointing and smiling.	The man seems happy	1
A guy performing a bicycle jump trick for an audience.	tony hawk is performing a skating trick	0
A guy performing a bicycle jump trick for an audience.	a guy is performing a bike trick	1
A gray-haired woman in a blue dress coat with snowflakes on it balances something on her head.	The woman is wearing a coat.	1
A gray-haired woman in a blue dress coat with snowflakes on it balances something on her head.	The woman loves her blonde hair.	0
Two children play outside in a field.	Kids are playing outdoors.	1
Two children play outside in a field.	Two children are reading at their desks.	0
One man sits inside and plays the banjo, there are trees behind him outside.	A man runs outside.	0
One man sits inside and plays the banjo, there are trees behind him outside.	A male sitting indoors.	1
Two children, in colorful outfits, playing in a field with a big rock in the middle.	Don't play with rocks	0
Two children, in colorful outfits, playing in a field with a big rock in the middle.	Two kids are playing with a big rock in the field	1
Two young girls are playing outside in a non-urban environment.	Two girls are playing outside.	1
Two young girls are playing outside in a non-urban environment.	Some girls are running on the sidewalk, next to some parked cars.	0
Two children in hats play in an open, rocky field.	The children are at home eating lunch.	0
Two children in hats play in an open, rocky field.	The children are playing in a rocky field.	1
A woman wearing a green and pink dress is dancing with someone wearing a blue top with white pants.	The woman in green and pink is dancing.	1
A woman wearing a green and pink dress is dancing with someone wearing a blue top with white pants.	The dancing woman is alone in her bedroom.	0
Man in gold pants looking at the camera.	Man looking at the camera.	1
Man in gold pants looking at the camera.	Man is walking away to the hall.	0
A man in a gold skirt sits in front of the computer.	A man in a gold skirt sitting at his computer watching the computer screen.	1
A man in a gold skirt sits in front of the computer.	A man in blue pants sitting and watching the television.	0
Man wearing black t-shirt sitting at a computer desk.	the man is working on the computer	1
Man wearing black t-shirt sitting at a computer desk.	the man called off work and was at the zoo all day	0
A bearded man in a black t-shirt sits in front of a desk holding a computer.	A man is standing in the rain.	0
A bearded man in a black t-shirt sits in front of a desk holding a computer.	A man waiting with his computer.	1
A man in a gold foils skirt, sitting at a computer desk, looks at the camera with his hands raised to his face.	a man is looking at his webcam	1
A man in a gold foils skirt, sitting at a computer desk, looks at the camera with his hands raised to his face.	a man is sticking his tongue out	0
A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head	A young girl has a bowl on her head	1
A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head	A man is eating cereal in his car	0
A man dances with a fire baton at night.	the woman does a hula dance	0
A man dances with a fire baton at night.	the man is dancing	1
A doctor checks the stomach of a toddler.	The toddler is getting a checkup.	1
A doctor checks the stomach of a toddler.	The doctor is looking inside the toddler's mouth.	0
Young blond woman putting her foot into a water fountain	A young blond woman is sitting down on a beach chair.	0
Young blond woman putting her foot into a water fountain	A person is dipping her foot into water.	1
A young woman tries to stick her foot in a fountain.	The woman is riding a train.	0
A young woman tries to stick her foot in a fountain.	A woman is near a fountain.	1
A young woman tries to stick her foot in a fountain.	The woman has one foot in the air.	1
A woman in capri jeans crouches on the edge of a fountain with her left foot kicked out to touch the falling water.	A woman is walking in park	0
A woman in capri jeans crouches on the edge of a fountain with her left foot kicked out to touch the falling water.	A woman is like to touch the water in fountain	1
Woman balancing on edge of fountain while sticking her toe in the water.	A woman stand on a fountain and dips her toes in.	1
Woman balancing on edge of fountain while sticking her toe in the water.	A woman sits on the grassy ground.	0
A couple strolls arm and arm and hand in hand down a city sidewalk.	The couple is outdoors.	1
A couple strolls arm and arm and hand in hand down a city sidewalk.	The couple is having dinner at a restaurant.	0
A man stare at a passing couple while walking down the block.	A man stares at a passing couple.	1
A man stare at a passing couple while walking down the block.	The woman stares at a couple as they argue down the block.	0
a couple are holding hands behind their backs while walking down a street, and the man has his arm around her shoulder.	couple walking	1
a couple are holding hands behind their backs while walking down a street, and the man has his arm around her shoulder.	bear in zoo	0
A man and a woman are holding hands as they walk along a city sidewalk.	A married couple are fighting on the sidewalk.	0
A man and a woman are holding hands as they walk along a city sidewalk.	A man and a woman are holding hands.	1
a man in red stands with his child at the beach.	A man wearing blue sleeping with his child in his lap inside his home.	0
New sport is being played to show appreciation to the kids who can not walk.	People are playing a sport in honor of crippled people.	1
New sport is being played to show appreciation to the kids who can not walk.	People are playing football without gear.	0
Two men in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.	Two people in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.	1
Two men in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.	Two women in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.	0
Three wheelchair basketball players wearing team uniforms are attempting to reach the descending basketball with other players in the background.	Three wheelchair basketball players playing basketball in field.	1
Three wheelchair basketball players wearing team uniforms are attempting to reach the descending basketball with other players in the background.	A peoples are taking coffee together at coffeshop.	0
Four guys in wheelchairs on a basketball court two are trying to grab a basketball in midair.	Four guys are playing cards.	0
Four guys in wheelchairs on a basketball court two are trying to grab a basketball in midair.	Four guys are playing basketball.	1
Three dogs in different shades of brown and white biting and licking each other.	the dogs are fighting	0
Three dogs in different shades of brown and white biting and licking each other.	there are three dogs	1
Two dogs playfully bite a third dog, which has its tongue sticking out.	Two dogs are sleeping while a third eats its food.	0
Two dogs playfully bite a third dog, which has its tongue sticking out.	A pair of dogs tease a third with nibbles.	1
Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass.	The puppies are sleeping in a basket.	0
Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass.	Three puppies are playing outside.	1
Two dogs biting another dog in a field.	dogs attacking another dog	1
Two dogs biting another dog in a field.	dog sitting in filed	0
Tourists waiting at a train stop.	Tourist walking around an art museum.	0
Tourists waiting at a train stop.	A group of tourist waiting for a train at a train station.	1
A doctor in blue scrubs is performing an operation assisted by two men and a woman.	a old man was talking	1
A doctor in blue scrubs is performing an operation assisted by two men and a woman.	the boys were angry	0
A woman with a black jacket walks past an outdoor movie poster.	A woman walking outside.	1
A woman with a black jacket walks past an outdoor movie poster.	A woman is cleaning up.	0
A man in an elf hat holding a white umbrella is standing on the sidewalk with two other men.	A man stands.	1
A man in an elf hat holding a white umbrella is standing on the sidewalk with two other men.	My love's like a red, red wig.	0
Indian lady and a guy in a blue suit dancing in the sunlight.	A woman eats a pickle.	0
Indian lady and a guy in a blue suit dancing in the sunlight.	Two people dancing outdoors.	1
Two older men are talking.	Two people are having a conversation.	1
Two older men are talking.	A crowd is talking over each other.	0
A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	A biker is doing jumps by trees.	1
A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	They aren't on bikes.	0
A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	The biker is jumping into a hole.	1
A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	A person rides a bike outdoors.	1
A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	There's a biker	1
A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	They are avoiding trees.	1
A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	The mountain biker is going on a desert trail.	0
A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	The biker is trying to jump over a volcano.	0
A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	He's indoors	0
A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.	A person is riding in a bobsled.	0
Two older men in winter coats talking outside of a shop with a grassy lawn covered in a light coat of snow in front of it.	Two old men in winter coats talk outside.	1
Two older men in winter coats talking outside of a shop with a grassy lawn covered in a light coat of snow in front of it.	The old men are wearing raincoats.	0
Two elderly men having a conversation, snow covered grass in the background.	The men are drinking coffee and having some cookies	0
Two elderly men having a conversation, snow covered grass in the background.	The men are sleeping	0
Two elderly men having a conversation, snow covered grass in the background.	There are two men outside in this picture	1
Two men are standing outside and snow is on the ground.	People are near snow.	1
Two men are standing outside and snow is on the ground.	Men making snow angels.	0
Two older men in coats are standing outside.	These men never wore coats.	0
Two older men in coats are standing outside.	They are outside wearing coats.	1
A gentleman in a purple scarf and hat is looking at money while holding an accordion.	A woman is brushing her hair in her bedroom.	0
A gentleman in a purple scarf and hat is looking at money while holding an accordion.	A man is holding an accordian.	1
BMX biker jumps over a ravine.	there is a bmx biker who is perfect in ravine jumping	1
BMX biker jumps over a ravine.	anybody can do ravine jumping	0
A white bike is tied to a street sign.	the car is parked at the sign	0
A white bike is tied to a street sign.	the bike is tied to a sign	1
A white bike is leaning against a post.	A bike is on the ground about to be reparied	0
A white bike is leaning against a post.	A bike it outside	1
The boy locked the cycle and went away.	A boy riding a bike.	0
The boy locked the cycle and went away.	A boy walking away.	1
A crowded city during daytime.	A city filled with people in the middle of the daytime.	1
A crowded city during daytime.	A abandoned city at the edge of the world.	0
People walking around in a big city.	People are outside.	1
People walking around in a big city.	The people are asleep.	0
A busy city that looks like New York City.	The city has a lot of people in it.	1
A busy city that looks like New York City.	The city looks like Lawrence, Kansas.	0
A view of buildings and people walking across the streets in Times Square, New York City.	There is a city.	1
A view of buildings and people walking across the streets in Times Square, New York City.	The field of poppies is perfectly still.	0
A woman is making a clay pot.	A man is painting a painting.	0
A woman is making a clay pot.	An artist is sculpting with clay.	1
A barber waiting for customers.	A barber is at work.	1
A barber waiting for customers.	The barber is closing the shop at the end of the day.	0
A man sitting in a barber shop.	There is an individual waiting indoors.	1
A man sitting in a barber shop.	A man is brushing his teeth.	0
A woman preparing to glaze a bowl.	A woman not preparing to glaze	0
A woman preparing to glaze a bowl.	A woman preparing to glaze	1
A woman wearing an apron inspects a large pot on a table filled with cups, bowls, pots and baskets of assorted size.	A woman wearing gloves is washing dishes.	0
A woman wearing an apron inspects a large pot on a table filled with cups, bowls, pots and baskets of assorted size.	A woman is wearing an apron.	1
A model posing to look as if she's a real female soccer player.	A man is modeling for a cooking show.	0
A model posing to look as if she's a real female soccer player.	A model is doing a shoot.	1
Firemen emerge from a subway station.	Firemen walking outside	1
Firemen emerge from a subway station.	The station is empty	0
Exhausted looking firemen are walking.	Firemen are walking.	1
Exhausted looking firemen are walking.	Determined looking firemen are running into a burning building.	0
Three firefighters, the nearest firefighter is holding a helmet in his left hand.	Three man are holding axes in their left hands.	0
Three firefighters, the nearest firefighter is holding a helmet in his left hand.	The firemen are gathered one is holding his helmet.	1
A man walking along side a clean up crew.	The woman jogged alongside the crew.	0
A man walking along side a clean up crew.	The man walked alongside the crew.	1
A little boy swims underwater.	A boy floats on top of water.	0
A little boy swims underwater.	A child swimming.	1
A driver is racing his Ford vehicle on a gravel track.	A man has parked his truck.	0
A driver is racing his Ford vehicle on a gravel track.	A Ford is being driven on a track.	1
Three guys and a girl are all jumping in a pool together.	The people are all climbing out of the water.	0
Three guys and a girl are all jumping in a pool together.	The people are all jumping into a body of water.	1
A little boy underwater in a pool, holding a plastic dinosaur.	The Lone Ranger swims again.	0
A little boy underwater in a pool, holding a plastic dinosaur.	Small boy in pool holds toy.	1
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.	A little boy is chasing a dog.	0
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.	A little boy is underwater.	1
A man wearing a white shire shirt and hate is riding a bucking horse in a rodeo.	A rodeo clown chases a bull.	0
A man wearing a white shire shirt and hate is riding a bucking horse in a rodeo.	A man is being bucked on a horse.	1
A saddle bronc rider gets lifted out of the saddle, but keeps his grip during his ride.	The man rides an animal.	1
A saddle bronc rider gets lifted out of the saddle, but keeps his grip during his ride.	The man is riding a motorcycle.	0
a woman with a straw hat working on a strange machine with coconuts at her side.	A woman is sitting on the couch.	0
a woman with a straw hat working on a strange machine with coconuts at her side.	A woman is at a machine.	1
A man wearing a rice hat is shucking corn using a corn shucker and is surrounded by trees.	The man is boiling a pot of corn.	0
A man wearing a rice hat is shucking corn using a corn shucker and is surrounded by trees.	There is a person processing vegetables.	1
a woman wearing a Chinese straw hat operating some sort of stainless steel machine in what appears to be a park.	The woman has a small child trapped in the machine who sews clothes.	0
a woman wearing a Chinese straw hat operating some sort of stainless steel machine in what appears to be a park.	The woman is outdoors with a machine.	1
A woman on the side of a street is making food on her cart.	A child is wearing a bandana.	0
A woman on the side of a street is making food on her cart.	A person is cooking.	1
A man in blue shorts and without a shirt is jogging down the road while listening to his iPod.	The man is wearing a blue shirt.	0
A man in blue shorts and without a shirt is jogging down the road while listening to his iPod.	The man is running.	1
Women exercising one woman has a green mat and black outfit on.	The women are exercising.	1
Women exercising one woman has a green mat and black outfit on.	The women are both dressing in green.	0
Students practicing yoga in a class setting.	The students solve equations on the board.	0
Students practicing yoga in a class setting.	A yoga class is in progress.	1
People are stretching on yoga mats.	The people stretched on yoga mats.	1
People are stretching on yoga mats.	They stretched on bikes.	0
A group of people are doing yoga.	The people are doing yoga	1
A group of people are doing yoga.	The people are sleep.	0
Motorcyclist performing while two men watch.	Two women are walking with strollers.	0
Motorcyclist performing while two men watch.	Men watching motorcyclist.	1
The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk.	The girls are climbing a tree	0
The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk.	there is a group of people waiting outside	1
Two people pose for the camera.	People pose for a picture.	1
Two people pose for the camera.	Two people are yelling.	0
A man is sleeping on the grass.	The man is laying down to sleep	1
A man is sleeping on the grass.	The man is checking into a 4 star hotel	0
A white and brown dog is leaping through the air.	The white and brown dog is in the air.	1
A white and brown dog is leaping through the air.	The dog is taking a nap.	0
A row of legs and black boots with a boy sitting at the end of the row.	A young boy eats a sandwich.	0
A row of legs and black boots with a boy sitting at the end of the row.	A boy sits at peoples feet.	1
A man in blue lies on a mostly-barren patch of grass while small groups of people congregate in the distance.	A man is wearing blue.	1
A man in blue lies on a mostly-barren patch of grass while small groups of people congregate in the distance.	The man is drinking a beer in a pub.	0
Various people hanging around outside of a building.	The people are inside playing soccer.	0
Various people hanging around outside of a building.	There are a group of people are standing outside.	1
A little girl follows two guys with umbrellas down a path.	The people are outside.	1
A little girl follows two guys with umbrellas down a path.	The little girl is riding a horse.	0
A lady is on the floor packing a suitcase.	She is packing.	1
A lady is on the floor packing a suitcase.	The woman is standing up unpacking.	0
Little girl in a blue and yellow plaid outfit and blue hat is running along the trail.	A girl is running on the trail.	1
Little girl in a blue and yellow plaid outfit and blue hat is running along the trail.	A boy is hiking on the trail.	0
Little girl walking along a dirt, rock, and grass path wearing a blue hat many steps behind two people wearing backpacks and holding umbrellas.	3 people are walking along a path.	1
Little girl walking along a dirt, rock, and grass path wearing a blue hat many steps behind two people wearing backpacks and holding umbrellas.	2 people are on the path.	0
The blond woman is searching for medical supplies in a suitcase.	A blonde woman looks for things in a suitcase.	1
The blond woman is searching for medical supplies in a suitcase.	A brunette woman checks her suitcase before boarding a plane.	0
Stacks of neatly folded clothing cover most of this floor while a woman with a beige shirt and jeans busily fills a suitcase.	A man is packing his golf clubs.	0
Stacks of neatly folded clothing cover most of this floor while a woman with a beige shirt and jeans busily fills a suitcase.	A woman is filling a suitcase.	1
A young woman packs belongings into a black suitcase.	A young man packs belongings into a black trash bag.	0
A young woman packs belongings into a black suitcase.	A young woman packs belongings into a black luggage carrier.	1
People going for a long walk to the mountains.	The people are running towards the mountains.	0
People going for a long walk to the mountains.	The people are walking outdoors.	1
A man resting on a street.	A man jogging on the street.	0
A man resting on a street.	A man resting on a street.	1
A woman in costume is marching with a large drum.	The drum lady drive a bus.	0
A woman in costume is marching with a large drum.	She plays in a band.	1
A man carrying a load of fresh direct boxes on car with wheels in the city streets, as a woman walks towards him.	Someone is toting packages in an urban setting.	1
A man carrying a load of fresh direct boxes on car with wheels in the city streets, as a woman walks towards him.	A young lad delivers groceries by bicycle in the city.	0
a motorcyclist does a nose wheelie.	A man doing a wheelie	1
a motorcyclist does a nose wheelie.	A man standing beside a crashed motorcycle	0
a motorcyclist does a nose wheelie.	A motorcyclist doing a wheelie	1
A man sitting on a scooter on the curb.	A man is outside, near the street.	1
A man sitting on a scooter on the curb.	A man is relaxing at the bar.	0
A man stopping on the sidewalk with his bike to have a smoke.	The man is playing basketball.	0
A man stopping on the sidewalk with his bike to have a smoke.	The man is standing.	1
A man is sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk.	A man is sitting on a motorcycle.	1
A man is sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk.	A man in black is playing with his cat on Sunday.	0
Man smokes while sitting on a parked scooter.	The man drinks a beer while sitting in his car.	0
Man smokes while sitting on a parked scooter.	The man is smoking something while sitting on the scooter.	1
Man on the sidewalk sitting on a motorcycle.	Man sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk	1
Man on the sidewalk sitting on a motorcycle.	A man driving his car	0
A couple, wearing black, burgundy, and white, dance.	The woman danced alone.	0
A couple, wearing black, burgundy, and white, dance.	The couple danced.	1
People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People wearing pink and purple get ready for a race	0
People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People are having a cook off.	0
People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People wait for a race to begin.	1
People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	the athlete backflips off of a mountain	0
People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People in orange vests are racing in a race that has started.	0
People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People in orange vests await the beginning of a race.	1
People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People are wearing colorful clothes	1
People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People are racing backwards through Hell.	0
People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	People are waiting for a race.	1
People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.	the runners waited to start the race	1
A young man and young lady dancing on a carpeted floor with a picture from the movie Toy Story on a big screen in the background.	The people dance on the sidewalk.	0
A young man and young lady dancing on a carpeted floor with a picture from the movie Toy Story on a big screen in the background.	The two people are dancing.	1
The skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail.	The skier is wearing a jumpsuit.	1
The skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail.	The skateboard is wearing a blue jumpsuit.	0
A track event held by J.P. Morgan Chase with security.	J.P. Morgan Chase held a track event.	1
A track event held by J.P. Morgan Chase with security.	The track event has no security.	0
Two people dancing, wearing dance costumes.	The people are moving.	1
Two people dancing, wearing dance costumes.	Two people are eating dinner.	0
An english farmer with a horse pulled wagon.	There is a farmer laying down outdoors	0
An english farmer with a horse pulled wagon.	There is a farmer with a horse wagon	1
Children's soccer game being played while the sun sets in the background.	Old men playing soccer while the sun sets.	0
Children's soccer game being played while the sun sets in the background.	Children playing soccer while the sun sets.	1
A soccer game played by a blue team and a red team on a perfectly manicured field at dusk.	No one is playing soccer.	0
A soccer game played by a blue team and a red team on a perfectly manicured field at dusk.	People are playing soccer.	1
Two soccer teams are competing on a soccer field.	There is a soccer game.	1
Two soccer teams are competing on a soccer field.	Two baseball teams are competing.	0
Soccer teams play on a field as the sun sets behind a line of trees.	Soccer teams are competing outdoors.	1
Soccer teams play on a field as the sun sets behind a line of trees.	A football team is playing hockey against a soccer team in an ice rink.	0
two men serving preparing food.	Two men riding bikes.	0
two men serving preparing food.	Two men serving food.	1
A soccer game occurring at sunset.	a sports game is being played	1
A soccer game occurring at sunset.	a basketball game is ocurring at sunrise	0
White small child wearing a brown and gray striped hoodie plays at park.	A small child is playing video games in his bedroom.	0
White small child wearing a brown and gray striped hoodie plays at park.	A child plays at a park.	1
A little boy in brown pants is playing on ropes at a park.	There is a little boy in brown pants.	1
A little boy in brown pants is playing on ropes at a park.	There is a little girl in red pants.	0
Toddler in striped sweatshirt plays on rope on playground.	A child is napping.	0
Toddler in striped sweatshirt plays on rope on playground.	A child plays on a playground.	1
A woman wearing a pink hat is looking at a pink car with the truck open.	The woman is wearing clothes.	0
A woman wearing a pink hat is looking at a pink car with the truck open.	The woman is wearing a grocery bag to her car.	0
A man in a blue shirt is looking up.	A man in a red shirt is looking up.	0
A man in a blue shirt is looking up.	A person looks up.	1
Three girls on an amusement ride enjoying themselves.	There are three girls	1
Three girls on an amusement ride enjoying themselves.	The girls are at home	0
Woman at Walmart check-out having her groceries bagged by an employee.	The woman is in Target	0
Woman at Walmart check-out having her groceries bagged by an employee.	A woman is in Walmart	1
Brown dog treads through water.	Brown dog is sleeping next to the water	0
Brown dog treads through water.	Brown dog treads through water as he is soaked in water	1
A woman is waiting with children as she is checked out at Walmart.	A woman is standing at the counter at Target.	0
A woman is waiting with children as she is checked out at Walmart.	A woman has children with her at the check out counter.	1
A blond woman with two children is checking out at a Walmart register.	Food makes people hungry	0
A blond woman with two children is checking out at a Walmart register.	A mother is with her two children at walmart	1
A woman sitting in a laundromat looking at the camera.	A monkey is eating a banana.	0
A woman sitting in a laundromat looking at the camera.	There is a woman in a room.	1
A young boy paddles across the water in a makeshift boat.	A boy is in a boat.	1
A young boy paddles across the water in a makeshift boat.	A boy is swimming.	0
A baseball player is about to throw a baseball.	A baseball player is swinging to hit the ball.	1
A baseball player is about to throw a baseball.	A baseball is broken	0
A dog zips along the beach.	A dog is sleeping in the living room.	0
A dog zips along the beach.	A dog is outside.	1
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.	A dog is running up the stairs at home.	0
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.	A dog is running outside.	1
A fuzzy white lap dog runs along a rocky beach.	A dog runs across the beach.	1
A fuzzy white lap dog runs along a rocky beach.	A dog snuggle down under blankets on the couch.	0
A small white dog running on a pebble covered beach.	A dog on the beach.	1
A small white dog running on a pebble covered beach.	A seagull on the dock.	0
A baseball player is putting all his might in to throwing a ball.	Pitcher is winding up a throw	1
A baseball player is putting all his might in to throwing a ball.	The player tossed the football	0
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	An empty field.	0
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	Some people are cheering on a field.	1
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	The football player killed the cheerleader with his bullet pass.	0
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	There are people outdoors.	1
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	Cheerleaders cheer on a field for an activity.	1
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	People cheering.	1
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	People sit on the snow-covered bench.	0
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	Cheerleaders cheering.	1
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	Some football players are practicing a running play.	0
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.	An old man wearing a diaper.	0
A woman holding a boombox.	A man holding a boombox.	0
A woman holding a boombox.	A person holding a boombox.	1
A woman in a blue shirt and green hat looks up at the camera.	A woman wearing a blue shirt and green hat looks at the camera	1
A woman in a blue shirt and green hat looks up at the camera.	A woman wearing a blue shirt and green hat is on her cellphone	0
Cheerleaders are doing a cheer at a football field.	The cheerleaders are wearing clothes.	1
Cheerleaders are doing a cheer at a football field.	The cheerleaders are at the basketball arena.	0
An excited, smiling woman stands at a red railing as she holds a boombox to one side.	A human standing.	1
An excited, smiling woman stands at a red railing as she holds a boombox to one side.	Nobody is standing.	0
A lady is kneeling wearing a blue shirt.	A lady is close to the floor.	1
A lady is kneeling wearing a blue shirt.	The woman is doing jumping jacks outside.	0
The silhouette of three people in front of a wall.	The people are by the wall.	1
The silhouette of three people in front of a wall.	The people are running down the country road.	0
Two people wearing blue clothing are making hand gestures next to one another.	A man is sitting with his hands in his pockets.	0
Two people wearing blue clothing are making hand gestures next to one another.	Two people are next to each other.	1
A spotted black and white dog splashes in the water.	the dog is in the water	1
A spotted black and white dog splashes in the water.	the dog is eating out of his favorite bowl in the kitchen	0
A large group, wearing pink shirts, waves to onlookers.	A crowd gesticulates.	1
A large group, wearing pink shirts, waves to onlookers.	No one is watching them.	0
A baby is playing with a strand of beads.	The baby is sleeping.	0
A baby is playing with a strand of beads.	The baby is playing.	1
People are on a stage performing.	people are sleeping	0
People are on a stage performing.	pwople are on stage	1
A woman is running a marathon in a park.	The woman is running in her backyard.	0
A woman is running a marathon in a park.	The woman is outdoors.	1
A group of people point forwards while performing some kind of act.	A group of people point forwards while doing something.	1
A group of people point forwards while performing some kind of act.	A group of people fight using tigers.	0
Several people are dancing together in sync.	kids are fighting each other.	0
Several people are dancing together in sync.	people are dancing.	1
Group of people dancing	people dance together	1
Group of people dancing	dogs are mating	0
An adult couple enjoys time in a hot tub.	A couple is inside watching TV.	0
An adult couple enjoys time in a hot tub.	A couple is in a hot tub.	1
An average looking man is playing the guitar.	The man knows how to play guitar.	1
An average looking man is playing the guitar.	The man is playing the drums.	0
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.	three dogs are outside	1
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.	three dogs are laying in a couch	0
A man and woman are walking down the street holding hands.	A man and woman are walking down opposite sides of the street.	0
A man and woman are walking down the street holding hands.	A couple of people are holding hands while walking.	1
A man is using his computer while seated at a desk.	A woman drinks a beer at her desk.	0
A man is using his computer while seated at a desk.	A man sits at a desk.	1
A camera crew is filming two women in formal dresses sitting on a blanket in the middle of a park.	Someone is filming.	1
A camera crew is filming two women in formal dresses sitting on a blanket in the middle of a park.	Everyone wearing formal clothes is inside.	0
man sitting down playing a game of chess alone	A guy playing a board game by himself.	1
man sitting down playing a game of chess alone	The man taking a snooze.	0
Young woman running as two guys in the back try to catch up to her.	group of people running	1
Young woman running as two guys in the back try to catch up to her.	women has coffee with two guys	0
A man in a blue shirt sits outside alone with a chessboard laid out in front of him.	Someone sitting outside behind a chessboard.	1
A man in a blue shirt sits outside alone with a chessboard laid out in front of him.	Two elderly men playing Scrabble.	0
A man dressed in blue shirt and shorts sits at a table while playing black in chess.	The man is jogging	0
A man dressed in blue shirt and shorts sits at a table while playing black in chess.	A man is playing a game	1
A young man in a blue blazer and shorts sits alone in front of table with a chess game set up.	A man sits in front of a set up chess game.	1
A young man in a blue blazer and shorts sits alone in front of table with a chess game set up.	A grandma plays a game of connect four at the rotary club meeting.	0
A young Asian man sits behind a set chessboard waiting for the other player to arrive.	A young man is sitting.	1
A young Asian man sits behind a set chessboard waiting for the other player to arrive.	A young man is on Mars.	0
Two young men drink beer, leaning on a graffitied wall.	The men are drinking.	1
Two young men drink beer, leaning on a graffitied wall.	The men are being sprayed with cans of paint while they are passes out drunk in the alley.	0
A man being airlifted to safety after being in danger.	A man is being moved.	1
A man being airlifted to safety after being in danger.	The helicopter is putting people in a dangerous area.	0
People in a meeting setting paying attention to a speaker in an orange shirt.	The people are listening to music on their CD players.	0
People in a meeting setting paying attention to a speaker in an orange shirt.	The people are listening to a speaker.	1
A meeting of young people sitting at a conference table.	young people are at a party having fun	0
A meeting of young people sitting at a conference table.	young people are gathered around a table	1
A woman in a red shirt is speaking at a table in a room where three other people are listening to her.	the woman is swimming in the lake.	0
A woman in a red shirt is speaking at a table in a room where three other people are listening to her.	the woman is wearing a red shirt.	1
A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	A woman talks to others indoors.	1
A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	a man talks to ducks in a pond	0
A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	a woman in an office building talks to two other women and a man with notepads	1
A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	A woman talks to dogs inside an office building.	0
A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	the woman is asleep at home	0
A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	The people are outside of the building looking inside.	0
A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	a woman is talking	1
A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	Four people stand near a wall speaking to each other.	1
A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	A woman talks to three other women.	0
A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.	A woman talks to two other women.	1
A classroom of students discussing lecture.	The students are running in P.E. class.	0
A classroom of students discussing lecture.	A classroom is discussing the topics of the day.	1
A man holds a clipboard and a pen as a woman looks at them.	The woman is asleep	0
A man holds a clipboard and a pen as a woman looks at them.	A woman is looking at a man's possessions	1
A man with a bright green shirt is talking to a woman in a pink shirt.	A couple are eating dinner.	0
A man with a bright green shirt is talking to a woman in a pink shirt.	A couple is talking.	1
A man in a green shirt holds out a clipboard for a woman in pink's attention.	A man wants a woman to look at his clipboard	1
A man in a green shirt holds out a clipboard for a woman in pink's attention.	A man takes off his shirt to get a womans attention	0
A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	A man is wearing a gold shirt	0
A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	A man shows a woman something.	1
A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	The man has something to tell the woman.	1
A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	Two people are looking at a clipboard.	1
A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	The woman is wearing blue.	0
A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	There is a man and a woman.	1
A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	Two people are looking at notes on an electronic tablet.	0
A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	The man is drinking a cup of coffee.	0
A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	A man is wearing a bright green shirt	1
A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.	The woman shows the man a clipboard.	0
A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	The man is on another street than the woman.	0
A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	The man and woman are outdoors.	1
A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A man and a woman are outside.	1
A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A man and a woman are eating in a resteraunt.	0
A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A man is stealing a woman's tablet	0
A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A woman shows a cell phone to a person standing nearby.	0
A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A woman is shown a tablet by a man standing on the street.	1
A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	There are some people in a street	1
A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	The man handover the cell phone to the woman	0
A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.	A man is showing a woman something	1
A child with a yellow cup and milk all over his face.	The child has a clean face.	0
A child with a yellow cup and milk all over his face.	The child had milk all over his face.	1
Two barefoot men are playing on a green lawn outside a building with other people in the background.	Two men are barefoot on the lawn.	1
Two barefoot men are playing on a green lawn outside a building with other people in the background.	Two men in sandles are on the beach.	0
Small laughing child with blond-hair sitting at a table holding a green sippy cup.	The child is happy.	1
Small laughing child with blond-hair sitting at a table holding a green sippy cup.	A child is throwing a tantrum.	0
A little boy drinks milk and gets milk all over his face and table.	the dog eats mice	0
A little boy drinks milk and gets milk all over his face and table.	the kid has milk on his face	1
Two pre-teen girls listening to music on an MP3 player with headphones.	Thre are girls.	1
Two pre-teen girls listening to music on an MP3 player with headphones.	The player is a cd player.	0
A man is running behind a dogsled being pulled by four dogs.	A man is being pulled by himself.	0
A man is running behind a dogsled being pulled by four dogs.	A man is running  behind a sled.	1
Toddler with milk around his mouth.	A child has milk on their face.	1
Toddler with milk around his mouth.	A child was making a mess with milk.	1
Toddler with milk around his mouth.	A toddler with juice around his mouth.	0
Toddler with milk around his mouth.	Toddler eating milk.	0
Toddler with milk around his mouth.	A child.	1
Toddler with milk around his mouth.	Toddler wearing mik	1
Toddler with milk around his mouth.	A man spills beer on his shirt.	0
Toddler with milk around his mouth.	The toddler has milk around the corners of his mouth.	1
Toddler with milk around his mouth.	The toddler has icecream around his mouth.	0
Toddler with milk around his mouth.	The child was well groomed.	0
A man dressed in warm clothing sleds behind four dogs in the snow.	The man is swimming with his dogs.	0
A man dressed in warm clothing sleds behind four dogs in the snow.	The man is outside sledding.	1
A cowboy Roping a calf in a rodeo.	A man is working in an office on a laptop.	0
A cowboy Roping a calf in a rodeo.	A person is performing.	1
Men fish on a concrete slab.	Men are sleeping in tents.	0
Men fish on a concrete slab.	Men are near the water.	1
A man wearing a blue shirt screaming or yelling with his arms raised up in the air.	A man makes a ruckus.	1
A man wearing a blue shirt screaming or yelling with his arms raised up in the air.	A man is relaxed.	0
Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	one person swims in water	0
Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	Four people sitting near the pond.	0
Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	one person sits while three stand near a body of water.	1
Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	People are standing on stairs.	0
Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	A group of people are inside a building.	0
Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	The sidewalk is desolate and empty.	0
Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	There are people on a sidewalk.	1
Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	People are near water.	1
Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	Four people congregate near the water.	1
Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.	There are people outdoors.	1
Two little girls lie on the carpet next to an O made of wooden blocks.	Two girls are having a pillow fight.	0
Two little girls lie on the carpet next to an O made of wooden blocks.	Two girls lay next to wooden blocks.	1
People are fishing and walking next to the water.	People are fishing and walking next to the water.	1
People are fishing and walking next to the water.	People are swimming in the water.	0
Two guys playing football on a campus green.	They are eating fried fish on the boat	0
Two guys playing football on a campus green.	There are some guys in this picture	1
Asian school children sitting on each others shoulders.	Schoolchildren together	1
Asian school children sitting on each others shoulders.	Asian factory workers sitting.	0
A man wearing a red sweater is sitting on a car bumper watching another person work.	vehicles are slow at speed breaker	0
A man wearing a red sweater is sitting on a car bumper watching another person work.	there was a speed breaker on the road by which people are taking care	1
A man wearing a red sweater is sitting on a car bumper watching another person work.	people make speed fast at speed breaker.	0
A young woman frolicking on the lawn in front of the us capitol building.	A young woman having a picnic on the lawn in front of the capitol building.	0
A young woman frolicking on the lawn in front of the us capitol building.	A young lady playing in front of the capitol building.	1
a man wearing a multicolored striped shirt playing the guitar on the street	A man is hitting a child	0
a man wearing a multicolored striped shirt playing the guitar on the street	A man in a colorful shirt is playing an instrument.	1
A man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street.	Two goldfish are riding bikes in a giant pile of mashed potatoes.	0
A man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street.	The man is playing music on an instrument.	1
A man wearing a multi-color coat is playing the guitar on the street.	The man plays guitar	1
A man wearing a multi-color coat is playing the guitar on the street.	the woman is getting her nails done	0
Street performer in colorful shirt performing with small guitar.	The street performer is sleeping on a park bench.	0
Street performer in colorful shirt performing with small guitar.	A street performer is trying to earn extra money.	1
Two men are painting a building while a third is walking past on his cellphone.	A building is being painted.	1
Two men are painting a building while a third is walking past on his cellphone.	No one ever comes to this unpainted and dilapidated building.	0
Two men are on scaffolding as they paint above a storefront while a man on the sidewalk stands next to them talking on the phone.	Three men are outside.	1
Two men are on scaffolding as they paint above a storefront while a man on the sidewalk stands next to them talking on the phone.	No one is on a phone.	0
A blue excavator digging a large hold in cement.	a child was there	1
A blue excavator digging a large hold in cement.	not watched at alll	0
A man with khaki shorts on is holding a little girls hand while she walks in the water of a creek.	A man is holding a girls hand and walking through a creek.	1
A man with khaki shorts on is holding a little girls hand while she walks in the water of a creek.	A man with jean shorts on is holding a little girls hand while she flies a kite.	0
Two women are walking down a dirt path carrying loads on their heads.	Two horses running in a field.	0
Two women are walking down a dirt path carrying loads on their heads.	Two people are walking down a path.	1
A street vendor in Asia tries to bring in more customers.	A vendor trying to attract costumers.	1
A street vendor in Asia tries to bring in more customers.	A man closing his shop for the day.	0
Young woman in a cafe checking her cellphone.	The woman is knitting.	0
Young woman in a cafe checking her cellphone.	A woman is inside.	1
A woman and a girl are playing in a field of leaves	Two people are outside.	1
A woman and a girl are playing in a field of leaves	A man is playing in a field.	0
two small girls walk along the leaves.	The two girls are outside.	1
two small girls walk along the leaves.	The two girls are riding their bikes.	0
A girl wearing a blue shirt, shorts, and sneakers is seated on a stool at a round table, looking at her phone.	The girl is sitting.	1
A girl wearing a blue shirt, shorts, and sneakers is seated on a stool at a round table, looking at her phone.	The girl is wearing a green shirt.	0
Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A lady is using a cat to take pictures.	0
Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A young lady is riding her bike down a bike trail.	0
Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A young lady is looking at a picture.	1
Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A lady looks at a picture on her camera	1
Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A lady looks at her phone.	0
Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	Lady sits gazing at a camera.	1
Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	Young lady sits in a private area.	0
Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A young lady is looking at her camera.	1
Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A young lady is on her cellphone.	0
Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.	A lady at a table takes pictures.	1
A woman sitting at a table, taking a picture.	THe woman is sitting down	1
A woman sitting at a table, taking a picture.	The woman is sleeping.	0
A woman in a blue shirt is sitting at a table and looking at her cellphone.	a woman looking at her cellphone	1
A woman in a blue shirt is sitting at a table and looking at her cellphone.	a man looking out the window	0
A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	The boy is trying to pass a sobriety test.	0
A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	A boy in a tri-colored shirt has his arms out to the side.	1
A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	The boy is wearing a shirt.	1
A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	He is wearing a multicolored shirt	1
A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	The boy does not have his arms out	0
A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	The boy is young.	1
A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	A boy is folding clean laundry.	0
A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	The shirt is blue.	0
A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	A boy in multi-colored shirt hold his arms out from his sides	1
A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.	A girl dressed in bikinis walk graciously past a group of gentlemen at the beach	0
The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched.	A boy is wearing a shirt	1
The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched.	The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched 40 feet wide.	0
A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt plays outside.	A boy in a shirt plays outside.	1
A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt plays outside.	A boy in a dress plays indoors.	0
A child with a brightly colored shirt plays outside.	The child is inside his apartment.	0
A child with a brightly colored shirt plays outside.	The child is outdoors in his bright colored shirt.	1
A boy looks down and spreads his arms wide	A boy is holding his arms out.	1
A boy looks down and spreads his arms wide	A boy has his arms crossed over his chest.	0
A man wearing a gray sweater walking through a pile of leaves.	The man is taking his driving test.	0
A man wearing a gray sweater walking through a pile of leaves.	The man is outside.	1
A lady wearing a blue print shirt and green head cover smiles for the camera.	A lady wearing a dress.	0
A lady wearing a blue print shirt and green head cover smiles for the camera.	A lady wearing a blue shirt.	1
The man wearing lots of medals is watching the girl in the yellow bikini top.	A man dances with a woman in a gown.	0
The man wearing lots of medals is watching the girl in the yellow bikini top.	A decorated man sees a scantily clad female.	1
A young man in his mid twenties is kicking his left foot about two feet off the leaf covered ground, with paved asphalt and green plants and trees in the background.	two women play soccer	0
A young man in his mid twenties is kicking his left foot about two feet off the leaf covered ground, with paved asphalt and green plants and trees in the background.	someone in his twenties kicks at the ground	1
A woman wearing a green headscarf laughs while a woman in the background paddles a boat.	A man is angered by an insult.	0
A woman wearing a green headscarf laughs while a woman in the background paddles a boat.	A woman laughs while another paddles a boat.	1
Young people playing with a long jump rope in the street.	People crying after losing a game.	0
Young people playing with a long jump rope in the street.	People playing jump rope.	1
A group of children play jump rope in the streets while others watch in the background.	Several children are jumping rope in the middle of a road while other kids watch	1
A group of children play jump rope in the streets while others watch in the background.	A brilliant red sun sets over a deserted beach	0
Hispanic woman wearing a red plaid shirt works on sewing an article of clothing.	Woman wearing nothing sewing her thumb.	0
Hispanic woman wearing a red plaid shirt works on sewing an article of clothing.	Woman wearing a shirt sewing.	1
A group of young girls playing jump rope in the street.	Nobody is playing jump rope	0
A group of young girls playing jump rope in the street.	Humans playing jump rope	1
A man in a tan suit is using a pay phone to make a call.	Everyone is using a cell phone.	0
A man in a tan suit is using a pay phone to make a call.	Someone is on a phone.	1
Some children are playing jump rope.	Some children are reading books.	0
Some children are playing jump rope.	Children are jumping rope.	1
A large golden dog sniffing the butt of a white dog	Two dogs drinking from a water fountain.	0
A large golden dog sniffing the butt of a white dog	Two animals getting to know each other.	1
A sumo wrestler with a brown belt is pushing another wrestler in a bout.	Two kickboxers excersise in the gym.	0
A sumo wrestler with a brown belt is pushing another wrestler in a bout.	Two sumo wrestlers compete in a match.	1
Two large dogs greet other while their owners watch.	the dogs see each other	1
Two large dogs greet other while their owners watch.	stray dogs are playing	0
A man in a red and black jacket, blue shirt, lots of silver necklaces, and his blue jeans falling down, checks out a woman wearing a black leather jacket, yellow bra, pink fingerless gloves, and sunglasses.	A boy is playing with a toy truck.	0
A man in a red and black jacket, blue shirt, lots of silver necklaces, and his blue jeans falling down, checks out a woman wearing a black leather jacket, yellow bra, pink fingerless gloves, and sunglasses.	A man is wearing many silver necklaces.	1
Woman with green sweater and sunglasses smiling	A woman with blue sweater is crying.	0
Woman with green sweater and sunglasses smiling	A woman with a green sweater has a happy expression.	1
A woman with dark hair is wearing a green sweater.	A woman is wearing a tank top.	0
A woman with dark hair is wearing a green sweater.	A woman is there.	1
A smiling lady in a green jacket at a public gathering.	A happy woman smiling	1
A smiling lady in a green jacket at a public gathering.	A woman wearing a bathing suit at the beach with her friends	0
A woman in a green jacket and black sunglasses outside in a crowd.	The woman is not near anyone.	0
A woman in a green jacket and black sunglasses outside in a crowd.	A woman is outside.	1
A lady with sunglasses on her head and a green sweatshirt is looking off-camera.	A woman is wearing a green sweatshirt.	1
A lady with sunglasses on her head and a green sweatshirt is looking off-camera.	A woman is wearing a maroon sweatshirt.	0
A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside.	A climber is ascending	1
A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside.	A climber is at base camp	0
A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine.	A man is outdoors.	1
A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine.	A man is indoors drinking hot chocolate.	0
a lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another.	A person jumps in the air.	1
a lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another.	A person sits in the snow.	0
A man in shorts and a white garment stands at the base of stairs framed by black railing.	A woman is waiting for someone framed by white fencing.	0
A man in shorts and a white garment stands at the base of stairs framed by black railing.	A man stands at the bottom of the stairs.	1
A man doing tricks in the snow.	There is no snow where the man is	0
A man doing tricks in the snow.	The man is outside.	1
Two Asian people sit at a blue table in a food court.	The people are buying sunglasses.	0
Two Asian people sit at a blue table in a food court.	Two people are seated together.	1
Indian couple holding child near riverbank.	A couple is holding a child	1
Indian couple holding child near riverbank.	A couple is sleeping with their baby at home	0
A bunch of people playing soccer.	a bunch of people are playing soccer	1
A bunch of people playing soccer.	people are playing american football	0
A soccer player jumping in air during a game.	A soccer player taking flight across the field during a game.	0
A soccer player jumping in air during a game.	A soccer player jumping up while a game is in progess.	1
A shot-on-goal action photo of soccer players in red and black uniforms.	a hockey player nails his first hat trick	0
A shot-on-goal action photo of soccer players in red and black uniforms.	a player has a penalty kick	1
The red team knocked the ball toward the goal and the black team tried to block it.	The red and black team are playing a game.	1
The red team knocked the ball toward the goal and the black team tried to block it.	The teams are in blue and orange.	0
Six soccer players on field with player in red uniform in the air and ball airborne.	People are playing soccer.	1
Six soccer players on field with player in red uniform in the air and ball airborne.	Six people are playing basketball.	0
Two little kids showing their American pride in their star spangled wagon.	Two adults mix up a batch of margaritas.	0
Two little kids showing their American pride in their star spangled wagon.	Two kids are with a wagon.	1
A young man in a red quilted vest displays an assortment of silver pendants around his neck as he watches a woman in a yellow bikini top, a black jacket, and bright pink fingerless gloves go by.	There is no jewelry.	0
A young man in a red quilted vest displays an assortment of silver pendants around his neck as he watches a woman in a yellow bikini top, a black jacket, and bright pink fingerless gloves go by.	Someone is browsing jewelry.	1
Girl is blowing to a butterfly.	The girl blows a butterfly.	1
Girl is blowing to a butterfly.	The girl sneezes on a butterfly.	0
An elderly couple dances next to a table where a boy is sitting with his head down.	A young man has his head on the table.	1
An elderly couple dances next to a table where a boy is sitting with his head down.	A young man is playing the drums.	0
A small girl stands among many large watermelons.	There is a girl standing	1
A small girl stands among many large watermelons.	There is a girl sitting near the watermelon	0
An elderly couple dance in front of a juke box while a guy in shorts sleeps at a nearby table	An old couple dance in by a juke box while a dude wearing shorts sleeps near a table	1
An elderly couple dance in front of a juke box while a guy in shorts sleeps at a nearby table	Two cats sing karoake	0
An elderly couple, both wearing white shirts, dancing and a young male sitting at a table.	The couple is dancing together.	1
An elderly couple, both wearing white shirts, dancing and a young male sitting at a table.	The couple is sitting with the male.	0
A child stoops to pick up a watermelon from a large pile of them.	A person is near a watermelon.	1
A child stoops to pick up a watermelon from a large pile of them.	A woman is alone, planting watermelon seeds in a garden in the spring.	0
A small girl dressed in a yellow dress with flowers on it bends over near a large pile of watermelons.	The girl is under the age of 88 years old.	1
A small girl dressed in a yellow dress with flowers on it bends over near a large pile of watermelons.	The girl is alone and asleep in her bedroom.	0
A little girl picking up a watermelon from a pile.	A girl is picking up an orange.	0
A little girl picking up a watermelon from a pile.	A girl is picking an item up.	1
a young girl in a flowery dress surrounded by watermelons	There is a lot of fruit.	1
a young girl in a flowery dress surrounded by watermelons	There are only potatoes.	0
A man in a blue jacket screaming.	A man is making a loud noise.	1
A man in a blue jacket screaming.	A man is whispering.	0
Children playing a game in a field.	Adults playing a game.	0
Children playing a game in a field.	Children playing a game.	1
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.	The woman throws a Frisbee to the dog.	1
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.	The woman is chasing the dog that took her camera.	0
Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	People are in the street.	1
Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	The Asian city is full of fields.	0
Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	The Asian city is full of sights.	1
Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	People are in the street in Toronto.	0
Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	City people in street	1
Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	A group of people are sitting in a field	0
Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	There are people in an urban area.	1
Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	There are people in front of buildings that are brightly lit.	1
Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	City streetwalkers	0
Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.	It is an American city.	0
A man is painting a portrait of an outside scene that includes a street sign with a bicycle chained to it.	A woman is drawing a microorganism.	0
A man is painting a portrait of an outside scene that includes a street sign with a bicycle chained to it.	A man is painting a landscape of an outdoors area.	1
An older man stands on the sidewalk painting the view.	The old man is painting a view of a bathroom.	0
An older man stands on the sidewalk painting the view.	The old man is painting a portrait.	1
A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	The street is empty.	0
A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	The buildings are tall.	1
A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	Nobody is on the street in Asia.	0
A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	The crowds are at an indoor swimming meet.	0
A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	The Seiko building is large.	1
A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	lots of people are in the street	1
A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	there was a storm so nobody went outside	0
A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	There is a crowded street.	1
A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	A crowded street in Asia.	1
A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.	A crowded street in America.	0
A small boy has gotten into the cabinet and gotten flour and crisco all over himself.	The boy is playing the violin.	0
A small boy has gotten into the cabinet and gotten flour and crisco all over himself.	The boy is making a mess.	1
A male painting a scene in front of him.	A person is painting.	1
A male painting a scene in front of him.	A girl is painting a self portrait.	0
Busy Japanese intersection like maybe Tokyo.	There are no cars on the street.	0
Busy Japanese intersection like maybe Tokyo.	There are lots of cars on the street.	1
Cars are passing through a town.	some car passing outside	1
Cars are passing through a town.	Cars are parked in the town.	0
A picture of a city with a sign welcoming travelers on a busy street.	A picture of a city is on a street	1
A picture of a city with a sign welcoming travelers on a busy street.	The people are dancing	0
Overlooking a street with a sign above shops that states Welcome To Golden.	The shop sign says  "Welcome to Golden"	1
Overlooking a street with a sign above shops that states Welcome To Golden.	The shop sign is laying on the sidewalk.	0
There are cars driving down a street with a sign displaying Welcome to Golden.	The cars are parked in a showroom.	0
There are cars driving down a street with a sign displaying Welcome to Golden.	The cars are outside.	1
A main street scene of a small town with an overhead welcome sign that says "Welcome to Golden".	A neon sign reads "Now leaving Golden"	0
A main street scene of a small town with an overhead welcome sign that says "Welcome to Golden".	A sign reads "Welcome to Golden"	1
Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances on wood floor.	A girl is dancing in a brown shirt and blue jean skirt on a wooden floor	1
Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances on wood floor.	Poop's on the floor while the girl dances	0
A young man is performing a jump on a skateboard while another young man photographs his stunt.	Two boys are skateboarding outside.	1
A young man is performing a jump on a skateboard while another young man photographs his stunt.	Two boys are riding bikes down the street.	0
A young girl dancing in her socks on a wooden floor strewn with pink balloons.	A girl is enjoying herself.	1
A young girl dancing in her socks on a wooden floor strewn with pink balloons.	The girl seems very sad about the blue balloons.	0
Child with pink strings on head dancing surrounded by confetti, balloons.	A child is roller skating.	0
Child with pink strings on head dancing surrounded by confetti, balloons.	A child is dancing.	1
A good-looking firefighter sets up "Do Not Cross" tape in the city.	A firefighter is sleeping.	0
A good-looking firefighter sets up "Do Not Cross" tape in the city.	A firefighter sets up a do not cross	1
A good-looking firefighter sets up "Do Not Cross" tape in the city.	A firefighter sets up tape in a city	1
A fireman protects an area by setting up a boundary while others watch.	A fireman is working hard to keep people safe.	1
A fireman protects an area by setting up a boundary while others watch.	A fireman is trying to run away from the fire.	0
The blond girl is dancing inside a house.	The girl is sitting on a bench in a park.	0
The blond girl is dancing inside a house.	A person is indoors.	1
Two people standing in front of a large statue of a woman, other statues and busts visible in the background.	Two people waiting in line for food at a crowded restaurant.	0
Two people standing in front of a large statue of a woman, other statues and busts visible in the background.	Two people standing standing near a large statue, with other states nearby.	1
a man with a white covering is walking up a flight of stairs.	An old woman is falling down the stairs.	0
a man with a white covering is walking up a flight of stairs.	A human walks up some stairs.	1
A family between a van and fence	A family by a van.	1
A family between a van and fence	A family by a pickup truck.	0
A woman talking to four little children outside.	A female adult is near some kids.	1
A woman talking to four little children outside.	A teacher is reading a book in class.	0
A mother with her four children.	A man with his pets.	0
A mother with her four children.	A woman with children.	1
A woman and a few children in an alleyway in between a vehicle and a fence.	The woman and children are in their dining room.	0
A woman and a few children in an alleyway in between a vehicle and a fence.	Several people in an alleyway.	1
A woman in a floral dress talks to children in front of a van.	A woman is talking to children.	1
A woman in a floral dress talks to children in front of a van.	A woman is screaming at her kid.	0
Two men with heads down signing a paper.	The men jump off a bridge.	0
Two men with heads down signing a paper.	The two men sign something.	1
A man and a woman having an intimate conversation in front a statue.	A couple are having a conversation	1
A man and a woman having an intimate conversation in front a statue.	A couple are having dinner in a restaurant.	0
A man in a Tour De Force shirt is working on a bicycle.	A woman is biking.	0
A man in a Tour De Force shirt is working on a bicycle.	A man is working on a bike.	1
A young toddler wearing pink sandals is walking on hopscotch numbers.	A grown man wearing pink sandals plays hopscotch.	0
A young toddler wearing pink sandals is walking on hopscotch numbers.	A baby walks on the ground.	1
a man wearing blue plays soccer.	man playing soccer	1
a man wearing blue plays soccer.	man playing basketball	0
Mothers with children talking at a gathering.	The mothers are yelling at the children.	0
Mothers with children talking at a gathering.	The mothers are having conversations.	1
Two women are talking while children are sitting on their laps.	The man is painting a house.	0
Two women are talking while children are sitting on their laps.	Some women are talking.	1
Two women, each embracing a little girl, catch up at a small family gathering.	2 women are carrying little girls.	1
Two women, each embracing a little girl, catch up at a small family gathering.	The women left their children behind.	0
Two women holding children talking to one another.	Two women are running at the park looking for their children.	0
Two women holding children talking to one another.	There are at least four people.	1
Two women, each with a child, look at each other.	The women have no kids	0
Two women, each with a child, look at each other.	Women are with their kids	1
A black-and-white dog carries a stick in his mouth as he swims in the clear water.	The water is empty	0
A black-and-white dog carries a stick in his mouth as he swims in the clear water.	A dog is outside	1
A black and white dog with a stick in its mouth is swimming.	A dog with an object in it's mouth is in the water.	1
A black and white dog with a stick in its mouth is swimming.	A cat with a stick in its mouth is in a bathtub.	0
A pirate is chasing a princess down the sidewalk.	Pirate doing the hokey pokey	0
A pirate is chasing a princess down the sidewalk.	Pirate on the sidewalk	1
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water.	A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water.	1
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water.	A dog is sleeping on the front porch.	0
A dog in the water carries a stick in his mouth.	A dog is going for a walk in the park.	0
A dog in the water carries a stick in his mouth.	A dog carries a stick in his mouth.	1
Two children are running down a sidewalk dressed in costumes.	Kids are getting in a fight.	0
Two children are running down a sidewalk dressed in costumes.	Two kids are running.	1
1 little boy wearing a pirate costume following closely behind a little girl wearing a blue dress carrying a orange pumpkin bucket and walking down the sidewalk.	Boy in costume followed by a girl in costume.	1
1 little boy wearing a pirate costume following closely behind a little girl wearing a blue dress carrying a orange pumpkin bucket and walking down the sidewalk.	A boy in a clown costume followed by a girl.	0
A little boy in a pirate costume is running behind a little girl in a princess costume carrying an orange pumpkin along the sidewalk.	The kids are sitting in their desks during class.	0
A little boy in a pirate costume is running behind a little girl in a princess costume carrying an orange pumpkin along the sidewalk.	Two kids wearing costumes are outside.	1
A man with a gray shirt holds a young infant in his hands.	A man is wearing a shirt.	1
A man with a gray shirt holds a young infant in his hands.	The man has a yellow shirt.	0
Two girls, each in a dress walking together.	Two girls slapped each other.	0
Two girls, each in a dress walking together.	Two Girls are doing exercise.	1
A group of people are sitting around a table under a blue sunshade.	girl plays nintendo	0
A group of people are sitting around a table under a blue sunshade.	people sit around table	1
People in line for plates of rice.	People are waiting to eat.	1
People in line for plates of rice.	People are sitting down eating.	0
People sitting down to eat.	People are about to eat.	1
People sitting down to eat.	People milling about after a concert.	0
Several men sit outside on brick ledges built around tall trees.	Some men are sitting outdoors.	1
Several men sit outside on brick ledges built around tall trees.	The men are chopping down the trees.	0
Workers are eating a meal while one man sits on a pile of plywood.	Workers are resting during a meal break.	1
Workers are eating a meal while one man sits on a pile of plywood.	Workers are talking and sitting on metal beams.	0
Workers are taking a break during midday.	Workers are diligently building a house.	0
Workers are taking a break during midday.	Workers are on break.	1
Workers are sitting next to a work zone eating food.	the workers are sitting eating food	0
Workers are sitting next to a work zone eating food.	the workers are waiting for next work	1
Biker riding dirt bike on dirt track	He is paddling a canoe.	0
Biker riding dirt bike on dirt track	Human rides two wheeled vehicle.	1
A motorcycle racer is in action at the track.	The racer is driving.	1
A motorcycle racer is in action at the track.	The motorcycle racer is running	0
A blond woman with her hair up is taking off a white sweatshirt.	A woman is taking off a blue shirt.	0
A blond woman with her hair up is taking off a white sweatshirt.	A woman is blonde	1
A person is a red hat and winter jacket is looking into the distance.	The person stares off into the distance.	1
A person is a red hat and winter jacket is looking into the distance.	A man sends a telegram.	0
A man riding a dirt bike	The man is in a car.	0
A man riding a dirt bike	The man is walking.	0
A man riding a dirt bike	A man is swimming.	0
A man riding a dirt bike	A man is driving a car.	0
A man riding a dirt bike	A human is riding a vehicle.	1
A man riding a dirt bike	A man is outside.	1
A man riding a dirt bike	Woman riding bike	0
A man riding a dirt bike	Man riding bike	1
A man riding a dirt bike	A man is on a dirt bike.	1
A man riding a dirt bike	A guy is driving a dirt bike.	1
A man is sitting with his head facing down, while other people are looking in his direction.	The man is being stared at.	1
A man is sitting with his head facing down, while other people are looking in his direction.	The man is staring everyone down.	0
Small blond-haired girl drinking a glass of juice.	The girl drinking the juice has brown hair.	0
Small blond-haired girl drinking a glass of juice.	A girl is holding a glass.	1
A person in a red coat and a running black and brown dog.	A person in a red dress is running behind a black animal.	1
A person in a red coat and a running black and brown dog.	A person in a red dress is cooking.	0
a woman in a red jacket watches as a black and brown dog runs away from her in woodland clearing.	A woman is wearing a red jacket	1
a woman in a red jacket watches as a black and brown dog runs away from her in woodland clearing.	A woman is wearing a blue jacket	0
Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A woman throws something for a dog.	1
Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A person throwing something for her dog.	1
Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A dog throws something for its woman.	0
Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A woman climbing a tree.	0
Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A person and their pet are outdoors	1
Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A man in a dog costume is staring creepily through a restaurant window.	0
Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A woman and an animal are interacting outdoors.	1
Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	a woman and a german shepherd are pictured	1
Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	a woman sits in a movie theater	0
Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.	A woman plays with her cat in a grassy field	0
A dog is preparing to run away from a person interacting with it.	A dog is nearby a person	1
A dog is preparing to run away from a person interacting with it.	a cat is playing with some string	0
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.	A woman is interacting with a dog.	1
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.	A woman is brushing her dog.	0
Two men trying to build something together, while having fun.	Two men are laughing and enjoying themselves.	1
Two men trying to build something together, while having fun.	Two men are sleeping on the floor.	0
Three people are sitting on a bench.	A few people are laying down.	0
Three people are sitting on a bench.	There are people sitting down.	1
Two women and one man sit on a bench.	The women and the man are on a bench.	1
Two women and one man sit on a bench.	The bench is not really there.	0
A man and two women sitting on a bench.	A few people share a bench.	1
A man and two women sitting on a bench.	Six women sit on a bench.	0
A man and two women in black jackets holding umbrellas sit on a long wooden bench.	People are on a bench	1
A man and two women in black jackets holding umbrellas sit on a long wooden bench.	A man is sitting on a bench with 22 women.	0
man in red canada shirt standing with three men in army uniform	Man eating pizza	0
man in red canada shirt standing with three men in army uniform	Man standing with three men in army uniform	1
man in red canada shirt standing with three men in army uniform	Man standing with three men in army uniform near School	0
Skydivers in formation.	They are on the ground	0
Skydivers in formation.	People are skydiving.	1
A woman checks her purse while at a outside cafe.	A man checks his back pocket for his wallet	0
A woman checks her purse while at a outside cafe.	A person looks in her purse at a restaurant.	1
The cowboy waves to the rodeo crowd.	The clown was waving to the crowd.	0
The cowboy waves to the rodeo crowd.	The cowboy waved to the crowd.	1
A woman is sitting at an outdoor dining table.	A person is indoors.	0
A woman is sitting at an outdoor dining table.	A person is sitting down.	1
Lady wearing a yellow top is sitting on a chair	A lady wearing a yellow top is standing on the kitchen table.	0
Lady wearing a yellow top is sitting on a chair	A woman with a yellow to sits.	1
a child is pushing another kid in a wheeler dressed in a red top and wearing a cap.	The children a eating lunch.	0
a child is pushing another kid in a wheeler dressed in a red top and wearing a cap.	Children enjoy playing together.	1
A cowboy is riding a bucking bull in a rodeo arena.	A man rides a horse on a trail.	0
A cowboy is riding a bucking bull in a rodeo arena.	A cowboy rides a bull at a rodeo.	1
A blond child is pulling a wagon with a little blond boy in it.	A child is pulling a toy wagon.	1
A blond child is pulling a wagon with a little blond boy in it.	A child is swimming.	0
A man wearing a tan coat signs papers for another man wearing a blue coat.	One man writes on papers, while another man stands by.	1
A man wearing a tan coat signs papers for another man wearing a blue coat.	A male lifeguard busily saves someone's life while his companion simply scratches his head.	0
A groom and a bride are standing on the grass with his hand on her waist.	The groom and bride are sitting at the table.	0
A groom and a bride are standing on the grass with his hand on her waist.	A groom and bride are standing outside.	1
A man is singing into a microphone.	A man is reciting poetry.	0
A man is singing into a microphone.	Someone is making music.	1
a girl wearing a blue and pink swimsuit is throwing stones into a lake.	one boy drinks coke zero	0
a girl wearing a blue and pink swimsuit is throwing stones into a lake.	girl throws stones	1
A man and a woman being intimate, with their legs in the water.	two dudes are in the pool	0
A man and a woman being intimate, with their legs in the water.	a man and woman are getting intimate	1
A group of people stand on a grassy field.	People are standing on a grassy field	1
A group of people stand on a grassy field.	A group of people are sitting in the bleachers	0
Men in uniform work together.	Uniformed men work.	1
Men in uniform work together.	Men in beach clothes work by themselves at the park.	0
An elderly woman places carrots into a casserole.	An elderly woman puts beets into a casserole	0
An elderly woman places carrots into a casserole.	An elderly woman puts carrots into a casserole	1
A man in a gray vehicle feeding sheep.	The man is outside.	1
A man in a gray vehicle feeding sheep.	The man is riding a horse.	0
Three men are grouped around the back of a car with its tailgate out, two of the men clothed in yellow uniforms and one in blue.	 Three men are grouped around the back of a car.	1
Three men are grouped around the back of a car with its tailgate out, two of the men clothed in yellow uniforms and one in blue.	Three men are swimming in a lake.	0
Three men, two wearing yellow suits, are looking in the back of a car.	Three men looking at a car.	1
Three men, two wearing yellow suits, are looking in the back of a car.	Three men breaking into a car.	0
Emergency personnel looking into the back of a car.	People are looking in a car.	1
Emergency personnel looking into the back of a car.	Emergency personnel are eating.	0
Some firefighters check a vehicle.	Firefighters are checking a car.	1
Some firefighters check a vehicle.	Firefighters are rescuing a cat from the tree.	0
A man in a kitchen is frying breaded food in a cast iron pan.	Got some oceanfront property in Arizona.	0
A man in a kitchen is frying breaded food in a cast iron pan.	A man cooks.	1
A woman in colorful garb with her back to the camera and cloth on her hear.	A woman has her back to the camera.	1
A woman in colorful garb with her back to the camera and cloth on her hear.	A nun is praying.	0
A woman in colorful native attire featuring a blue shirt with a colorful design displays her dark hair braided with red ribbons.	A woman is dressed stylishly in native garb.	1
A woman in colorful native attire featuring a blue shirt with a colorful design displays her dark hair braided with red ribbons.	A woman is dressed to run track.	0
Oddly dressed man walking down the street.	An oddly dressed man walking.	1
Oddly dressed man walking down the street.	A woman enjoying a walk.	0
A man in ruffles pushes a stroller through a park.	The man is pushing the stroller through his house.	0
A man in ruffles pushes a stroller through a park.	The man is pushing a stroller.	1
An oddly dressed man pushing a stroller down a sidewalk in a park.	The man is walking his dog on the beach.	0
An oddly dressed man pushing a stroller down a sidewalk in a park.	A man wearing weird clothes is walking through a park.	1
A smiling man cooks something delicious.	The man is cooking	1
A smiling man cooks something delicious.	The child colors with crayons	0
a young man wearing a backpack and sunglasses is walking towards a shopping area.	A man walks near a store	1
a young man wearing a backpack and sunglasses is walking towards a shopping area.	Two ducks quacking at each other	0
A young man wearing a backpack and dark glasses approaches the brick building where there is a bit of graffiti on the wall.	The young man has glasses on his face.	1
A young man wearing a backpack and dark glasses approaches the brick building where there is a bit of graffiti on the wall.	There is nothing on the wall but bricks.	0
A brown dog running with two white and brown dogs on the seashore with crashing waves behind them.	The dogs were indorrs waiting for their dinner	0
A brown dog running with two white and brown dogs on the seashore with crashing waves behind them.	The dogs were outdoors running along the shore	1
A young man in blue sunglasses walking in front of a red brick building.	A guy with red glasses is sitting here.	0
A young man in blue sunglasses walking in front of a red brick building.	Man in blue glasses walking pass a building	1
A dog jumps to catch a toy in the snow.	A dog jumps to catch a toy in Waikiki.	0
A dog jumps to catch a toy in the snow.	An animal is jumping in a place that is not hot.	1
Black dog jumping into the air to catch a toy in the snow.	The dog is in the snow.	1
Black dog jumping into the air to catch a toy in the snow.	The dog is playing dead.	0
A black dog in snow is jumping off the ground to catch a stick.	A dog is catching a stick.	1
A black dog in snow is jumping off the ground to catch a stick.	A cat is playing fetch.	0
A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	People are paying attention to the person hanging pictures	1
A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	There are people watching another person hang up pictures.	1
A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	The people are in the ocean	0
A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	the person is hanging pictures.	1
A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	No one is hanging up pictures at all.	0
A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	Somebody is hanging up pictures while people watch.	1
A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	The people are outdoors.	1
A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	A creepy guy is putting his favorite photos of the woman he's stalking up in his shrine to her.	0
A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	The person is sleeping.	0
A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.	The person is cooking in a cafeteria.	0
Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	Men are hanging something on the wall.	1
Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	The men are walking to the nearest gentleman's club.	0
Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	A group of men are hanging a picture on a wall.	1
Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	A man in a black shirt hangs a picture.	0
Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	There's a group of men hanging up a picture.	1
Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	Five men are helping a child to hang a picture.	0
Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	A man is hanging a picture of a child.	1
Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	A man is hanging up a picture of a child.	1
Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	Some men are outside in a field.	0
Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.	A man is holding up a child.	0
There are four Eastern guys working on and hanging pictures of humans.	The women are working.	0
There are four Eastern guys working on and hanging pictures of humans.	The men are working.	1
A man in a white shirt hangs a painting in a run down store while other men watch.	Men are indoors.	1
A man in a white shirt hangs a painting in a run down store while other men watch.	Men are at a football game.	0
Men are playing soccer, the one in front is about to kick the ball.	The guys are standing on a dock.	0
Men are playing soccer, the one in front is about to kick the ball.	The guys are playing a game.	1
A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	The man is taking down the poster.	0
A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	A man is cleaning a bathroom in a shop.	0
A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	The man is waiting for a bus.	0
A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	A woman walks into a comic book shop.	0
A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	A man is decorating a shop.	1
A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	The man is putting up a poster.	1
A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	The man is indoors.	0
A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	A man hangs a poster in front of a shop.	1
A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	There is a man in front of the shop.	1
A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.	A man is standing in front of a shop.	1
The Arsenal football club warms-up on the soccer field as a few fans watch.	A basketball team during warm ups.	0
The Arsenal football club warms-up on the soccer field as a few fans watch.	A football/soccer club during warm ups.	1
Soccer players warm up by kicking the soccer ball around while the crowd waits.	The players were on a bus which broke down on the highway	0
Soccer players warm up by kicking the soccer ball around while the crowd waits.	The crowd looked on while the players prepared themselves.	1
People sit and relax next to a pool in a plaza.	This is the pool of Queen Elizabeth II, and these people are Hessians from the Revolutionary War.	0
People sit and relax next to a pool in a plaza.	People lounge about a pool.	1
In a bowling alley, a man holding a green bowling ball looks ahead at the pins that he must knock down.	A man is bowling.	1
In a bowling alley, a man holding a green bowling ball looks ahead at the pins that he must knock down.	The man is bowling with a frozen turkey.	0
A man wearing blue jeans and red bowling shoes stands in a bowling alley lane with a green ball in his hand.	A man stands in a bowling alley lane.	1
A man wearing blue jeans and red bowling shoes stands in a bowling alley lane with a green ball in his hand.	A man sits in an airport.	0
A guy stands with a green bowling ball in his hand, and looks down the bowling lane.	Some man play football.	0
A guy stands with a green bowling ball in his hand, and looks down the bowling lane.	A man plays bowling.	1
A man holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.	A woman holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.	0
A man holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.	A person holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.	1
A man is standing up holding a green bowling ball with his right hand.	A man is riding a horse on the beach.	0
A man is standing up holding a green bowling ball with his right hand.	A man is bowling.	1
A group of people sitting at a table outside talking.	A group sits outside while talking.	1
A group of people sitting at a table outside talking.	A man stands at the bar ordering drinks for his friends.	0
A group of men and women are having a discussion in a restaurant.	a group of men and women converse	1
A group of men and women are having a discussion in a restaurant.	a crowd has a discussion in a hospital	0
A group of adults is having a discussion at a table under a tent.	People are having a discussion.	1
A group of adults is having a discussion at a table under a tent.	The old dog is eating potatoes.	0
A group of people sitting around a picnic table.	The people are standing in the gym.	0
A group of people sitting around a picnic table.	The people are near the table.	1
A group of people gathers on the grass in a backyard with tents, tables, and chairs set up.	A group of people gathering on the concrete.	0
A group of people gathers on the grass in a backyard with tents, tables, and chairs set up.	A group of people gathering on the grass.	1
One soccer team is playing against another.	People are playing a sport.	1
One soccer team is playing against another.	No one is playing soccer.	0
A black dog swimming in water near rocks.	A dog is laying in front of a fireplace.	0
A black dog swimming in water near rocks.	A dog is outside playing in the water.	1
the three boys are all holding onto a flotation device in the water.	Three boys are in a body of water.	1
the three boys are all holding onto a flotation device in the water.	The three boys are surfing.	0
A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	A soccer game is in progress.	1
A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	The team in yellow is playing a hockey game.	0
A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	The goalie wants to prevent a goal.	1
A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	The goalie is sitting down on the sideline, wearing a white top and red shorts.	0
A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	A soccer game is happening.	1
A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	The soccer goalie  is wearing long pants.	0
A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	The team in yellow is defending.	0
A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	No game is playing.	0
A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	A group of people are playing a game of soccer.	1
A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.	There is a soccer game with a team in yellow.	1
A group of people are playing soccer and two players from opposing teams are battling for the ball.	A soccer game.	1
A group of people are playing soccer and two players from opposing teams are battling for the ball.	Men playing baseball.	0
A soccer match between a team with white jerseys, and a team with yellow jerseys.	A competition is happening.	1
A soccer match between a team with white jerseys, and a team with yellow jerseys.	The teams play street hockey.	0
A young woman is playing the violin.	The woman is eating her violin.	0
A young woman is playing the violin.	The young violinist is a woman.	1
People relax around a large community fountain in a park.	Business men are working near a fountain.	0
People relax around a large community fountain in a park.	Community members are spending time in the park near a foundtain.	1
A woman playing the violin with sunglasses on her head.	someone is playing an instrument	1
A woman playing the violin with sunglasses on her head.	a woman is eating dinner	0
A female violinist surrounded by other violinists.	A female violinist surrounded by wolverines.	0
A female violinist surrounded by other violinists.	A violinist among other string musicians	1
A man, wearing revolutionary period clothes, is ringing a bell.	A man, wearing a revolutionary apparel is making noise with a bell.	1
A man, wearing revolutionary period clothes, is ringing a bell.	A man is outside riding his bike.	0
A couple of people working around a pile of rocks.	People are working.	1
A couple of people working around a pile of rocks.	People are playing on a playground.	0
A man wearing a gray cap is looking down.	A man is wearing a cap	1
A man wearing a gray cap is looking down.	a man is looking up	0
An older man dressed in blue historical clothing is ringing a bell in his right hand.	police pepper spray protesters	0
An older man dressed in blue historical clothing is ringing a bell in his right hand.	man ringing a bell	1
Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	Three children are kicking the camera man.	0
Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	The boy ate the entire apple.	0
Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	The three young childeren were hold an apple with a bite on it	1
Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	Girls and boys are having fun outdoors	1
Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	The kids are swimming	0
Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	The elderly women are posing for a picture.	0
Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	Kids pose in front of a mountain background.	1
Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	A woman drinks wine.	0
Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	Three children pose for a picture.	1
Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.	A group of children are posing.	1
two little girls, one in a green jacket and one in a pink jacket, and a little boy in a green jacket holding an apple sitting on a rock.	Three kids are sitting on a rock.	1
two little girls, one in a green jacket and one in a pink jacket, and a little boy in a green jacket holding an apple sitting on a rock.	A bunch of old people sit on a rock.	0
An old man wearing khaki pants and a brown shirt standing on the sidewalk in front of a building.	The old man is standing outside of a building.	1
An old man wearing khaki pants and a brown shirt standing on the sidewalk in front of a building.	An old man is standing by a building in downtown.	1
An old man wearing khaki pants and a brown shirt standing on the sidewalk in front of a building.	The old man is taking a nap at a house.	0
A man in costume is ringing a bell.	A man in costume is reading a book.	0
A man in costume is ringing a bell.	A man is playing an instrument.	1
two female medical personnel read their charts.	The women work in the health field.	1
two female medical personnel read their charts.	The women are playing a game of badminton.	0
A person in an orange shirt is laying on the ground while others are standing around her, smiling.	the person is in blue and running	0
A person in an orange shirt is laying on the ground while others are standing around her, smiling.	a person in orange	1
Two men stand around a mixing bowl.	Two men are around a bowl.	1
Two men stand around a mixing bowl.	Two men are eating junk food in a car.	0
Five people on stage performing and acting while girl lay's on belly.	The group of actors performs on the street corner.	0
Five people on stage performing and acting while girl lay's on belly.	A groups of people acts on stage.	1
Four people are acting behind a woman in a yellow shirt is lying on the ground.	A woman is lying down.	1
Four people are acting behind a woman in a yellow shirt is lying on the ground.	People are dancing outside in the rain.	0
Two men cook together with a metal bowl, near a hanging plant.	Two men discussing on business in office	0
Two men cook together with a metal bowl, near a hanging plant.	Near a hanging plant, a metal bowl was used to cook by two mens	1
a woman on a yellow shirt is on the floor.	A woman on top of her clothes.	1
a woman on a yellow shirt is on the floor.	A woman sleeping on her bed	0
Two men share a laugh while in the kitchen.	Two men are in the kitchen.	1
Two men share a laugh while in the kitchen.	Two men engage in a fight while in the kitchen.	0
Two men are cooking in the kitchen using rice milk.	The men go out to eat at a restaurant.	0
Two men are cooking in the kitchen using rice milk.	Two guys cook using some rice milk.	1
A man windsurfs in a wetsuit.	A man is swimming in the ocean.	0
A man windsurfs in a wetsuit.	A man is windsurfing.	1
A kite surfer begins to fall in the ocean.	A kite surfer is falling	1
A kite surfer begins to fall in the ocean.	A kite surfer is flying	0
A windsurfer is balancing on choppy water.	There is a windsurfer balancing on choppy water.	1
A windsurfer is balancing on choppy water.	There is a windsurfer who fell on the ground.	0
A man wakeboards on choppy water.	A woman wakeboards on choppy water.	0
A man wakeboards on choppy water.	A man is wakeboarding.	1
A man parasails in the choppy water.	The water was choppy as the man parasailed.	1
A man parasails in the choppy water.	The man parasailed in the calm water.	0
A woman in a white dress with a tiara sings in a chorus, which has a row of men in sailor hats.	The chorus is singing.	1
A woman in a white dress with a tiara sings in a chorus, which has a row of men in sailor hats.	The woman wearing a tiara is getting married.	0
A child using a woodworking tool	the child is in the bathroom	0
A child using a woodworking tool	the child is working with wood.	1
A little kid enjoying some sledding on a winter day.	The kid is wearing skates.	0
A little kid enjoying some sledding on a winter day.	There is snow on the ground.	1
A person is looking at water jets.	The person is at a car lot.	0
A person is looking at water jets.	The person is interested in a water jet.	1
Two people enjoying a water fountain display.	two people by a fountain	1
Two people enjoying a water fountain display.	one dog sleeping	0
A boy in a red and blue shirt painting a log.	A boy painting a log.	1
A boy in a red and blue shirt painting a log.	A girl aslee on a log.	0
Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	A log is being painted by a child.	1
Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	A child in a multicolored shirt is painting a log	1
Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The log is chasing the child.	0
Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The child is painting the wood.	1
Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The child is painting.	1
Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The child in the purple shirt is playing basketball.	0
Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The child uses a log to float down the river.	0
Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The child is wearing a green shirt.	0
Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	The child is painting.	1
Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.	This crazy dog in a yellow shirt learned how to paint!	0
Two people are next to a fountain with a red bottom and arches of water.	A man is sitting on the couch.	0
Two people are next to a fountain with a red bottom and arches of water.	Two people are next to a fountain together.	1
An expectant woman happily lets another listen to the baby inside of her.	A woman shares photos of her unborn child smiling.	0
An expectant woman happily lets another listen to the baby inside of her.	A pregnant lady shares the sounds of her pregnancy.	1
Soccer players on a field from a distance.	Soccer players are in a jacuzzi.	0
Soccer players on a field from a distance.	There are soccer players on the field.	1
Busy ChinaTown street corner where people are walking past an open front store.	The people hang out in France.	0
Busy ChinaTown street corner where people are walking past an open front store.	There are people in ChinaTown.	1
A girl wearing a dress is blowing bubbles at a dock.	A human wearing a dress.	1
A girl wearing a dress is blowing bubbles at a dock.	A man wearing a dress at the dock.	0
A man wearing a blue shirt is sitting on a brick planter next to some paintings.	A man is sitting down.	1
A man wearing a blue shirt is sitting on a brick planter next to some paintings.	A man is walking down the street.	0
A child in formal clothing is walking along the edge of a stony area that is littered in places.	The ground is pristine.	0
A child in formal clothing is walking along the edge of a stony area that is littered in places.	Someone is wearing formal clothes.	1
A young boy wearing a light blue jacket walks across the brick patio.	boy walks accross patio	1
A young boy wearing a light blue jacket walks across the brick patio.	girl sits on floor	0
A young boy with a blue coat makes a funny face as he walks towards the grass.	The child was walking near the grass making a funny face.	1
A young boy with a blue coat makes a funny face as he walks towards the grass.	The man was walking near the grass making a funny face.	0
A little boy with a blue jacket is making a sour face at the camera.	The boy is smiling broadly.	0
A little boy with a blue jacket is making a sour face at the camera.	The boy mugs for the camera.	1
People in a truck-full of sacks in a field full of sheep.	Nobody in a truck	0
People in a truck-full of sacks in a field full of sheep.	Some humans in a truck	1
Three construction workers posing with construction materials.	The workers are standing still.	1
Three construction workers posing with construction materials.	The workers are doctors.	0
Three people stand proudly by a truck stocked with building supplies in the street.	Peole stand by a building supply truck.	1
Three people stand proudly by a truck stocked with building supplies in the street.	A woman bowls a perfect game.	0
Three working men smile in front of a truck while holding construction equipment.	There is no one working today.	0
Three working men smile in front of a truck while holding construction equipment.	There are three men working.	1
Three men are smiling and posing behind a truck loaded with various construction supplies.	Three men are not smiling	0
Three men are smiling and posing behind a truck loaded with various construction supplies.	Three men are smiling	1
A view of a marketplace full of people in an asian country.	A lonely place in East Africa.	0
A view of a marketplace full of people in an asian country.	A view of a crowed place in an asian country.	1
A woman in blue jeans and a dark jacket walks in front of a building.	A woman walked pasted the front of a building.	1
A woman in blue jeans and a dark jacket walks in front of a building.	THe woman is wearing pink shorts and blue jacket.	0
The surfer catches a big wave but stays on his board.	The person is surfing.	1
The surfer catches a big wave but stays on his board.	The person is skating.	0
The dogs run and play with a red ball.	The dogs are playing with a ball.	1
The dogs run and play with a red ball.	The ball is blue.	0
A white dog running in the backyard.	The dog is running.	1
A white dog running in the backyard.	The dog is sleeping.	0
A woman wearing orange looking upward.	A woman gazes at her shoes	0
A woman wearing orange looking upward.	A woman gazes skyward	1
Gray dog running down pavement toward laundry line in courtyard.	A dog is stuck in a tree.	0
Gray dog running down pavement toward laundry line in courtyard.	A dog is running outdoors.	1
A dog is chasing a ball in a backyard.	A cat is playing with yarn in the kitchen.	0
A dog is chasing a ball in a backyard.	A dog is playing in the grass.	1
An older couple posing in front of a fountain for a picture	A couple taking a picture	1
An older couple posing in front of a fountain for a picture	A couple sleeping in a hotel room	0
Older couple posing for a picture in front of a fountain.	An couple is outside.	1
Older couple posing for a picture in front of a fountain.	An older couple are inside.	0
The parents of the younger male are posing for a picture in front of a water fountain.	A photographer takes a picture of the boy's parents by the fountain.	1
The parents of the younger male are posing for a picture in front of a water fountain.	A girl and her parents sit by the fountain.	0
A man and woman watching two kids while the man holds a balloon.	The man is carrying a child.	0
A man and woman watching two kids while the man holds a balloon.	The man is holding a balloon.	1
A group of people sitting at some sort of gathering.	people are together	1
A group of people sitting at some sort of gathering.	the woman sat at the table alone	0
A couple pose in front of a fountain.	There are two people in this picture	1
A couple pose in front of a fountain.	They are waiting to be picked up by aliens	0
Two women standing under an umbrella.	two humans close together	1
Two women standing under an umbrella.	two guys walking in the rain	0
a brown dog is jumping up at a woman who is wearing a brown skirt.	A dog is being friendly.	1
a brown dog is jumping up at a woman who is wearing a brown skirt.	A dog attacks a man.	0
One dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks away.	Two dogs are sleeping next to the lady.	0
One dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks away.	A lady is near two dogs.	1
A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	Both of the dogs are corgis.	0
A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	Two dogs rest in the sandbox.	0
A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	A cat chases the golden retriever.	0
A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	Two dogs are near a woman.	1
A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	A little dog rides on top of the golden retriever	0
A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	The woman is greeted by the dog	1
A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	There are at least two dogs present.	1
A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	Two dogs are both excited.	1
A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	The dog is running away from the woman.	0
A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.	There are two dogs present.	1
Kids building and destroying objects.	Kids are playing with things.	1
Kids building and destroying objects.	Kids are playing with live grenades.	0
Children playing with broken office equipment.	Children play baseball in the street.	0
Children playing with broken office equipment.	Children play with old equipment.	1
Two children are building something on the floor.	Two children are playing.	1
Two children are building something on the floor.	Three people order from a menu.	0
Children playing with or cleaning up miscellaneous items.	Kids putting away toys.	1
Children playing with or cleaning up miscellaneous items.	Adults working in a garden.	0
Young children outside playing with computer junk on the ground.	The children are swimming.	0
Young children outside playing with computer junk on the ground.	The children are playing.	1
Two dogs playing on carpet.	The dogs are in kennels.	0
Two dogs playing on carpet.	Two dogs are together.	1
Two bulldogs playing on the floor.	the dogs are indoors	1
Two bulldogs playing on the floor.	the dogs are sitting	0
Two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other.	Two cats are chasing each other through the house.	0
Two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other.	A pair of dogs is playing.	1
Two dogs are playing together on white carpet near a couch.	Three dogs are sleeping in the grass.	0
Two dogs are playing together on white carpet near a couch.	Two dogs play.	1
A scuba diver stands on top of rocks after emerging from the water.	A scuba diver performnef on top of rocks.	1
A scuba diver stands on top of rocks after emerging from the water.	A scuba diver never knows to dive.	0
two dogs wrestle.	Two dogs together.	1
two dogs wrestle.	Two dogs sleeping together.	0
3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	The construction workers are looking at something interesting.	1
3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	Some construction workers are falling from a tower.	0
3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	None of the construction workers have shovels.	0
3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	The construction workers are using a pick axes to poke each other.	0
3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	3 construction workers on their lunch break.	0
3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	Some construction workers found something intriguing.	1
3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	safety workers fly over the clouds	0
3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	3 construction workers with shovels.	1
3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	safety workers found something cool.	1
3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.	Three construction workers have shovels.	1
Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Two out of three costruction workers are holding shovels while examining an item in the field.	1
Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	One worker holding a shovel examines something in a field with two colleagues.	0
Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Three men stand outdoors examining something that is in a field.	1
Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Construction workers are looking at something in a field.	1
Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Two of the three are also wearing high heels	0
Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Three men are in the field	1
Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Two dogs are sleeping in a house.	0
Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	The workers are in the parking lot	0
Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	The three workers are outside	1
Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.	Construction workers are sitting around a table playing poker.	0
Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	Most of the workers were female.	0
Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	Men are digging.	1
Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	The male workers were outdoors.	1
Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	The Three males are working	1
Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	The three workers are not working at all.	0
Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	Three women are climbing trees.	0
Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	There are people working.	1
Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	There are nineteen blue cats from Mars.	0
Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	The men are wearing very dull work clothes.	0
Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.	The men are working with shovels.	1
People with safety vests stand in a field with shovels.	People in safety vests sit in benches eating lunch.	0
People with safety vests stand in a field with shovels.	The people in safety vests are outside.	1
Men doing work in a field.	There are men working.	1
Men doing work in a field.	There are women working.	0
A man in the city on a cellphone.	A man sleeps on the beach.	0
A man in the city on a cellphone.	A man talks on his cellphone.	1
Two people heavily dressed, carrying backpacks, walk through snow.	There are two people walking in the snow.	1
A silver car with all of its doors open.	The car has doord	1
A silver car with all of its doors open.	It is a motorcycle	0
Two people walk along the side of a snowy mountain.	A man and a woman are walking in the snow.	1
Two people walk along the side of a snowy mountain.	People are sitting by a snowy mountain.	0
Two people climbing a snowy mountain.	Three men are climbing a snowy mountain.	0
Two people climbing a snowy mountain.	Two people are climbing a mountain.	1
People lean over in the snow.	There is snow and more than one person.	1
People lean over in the snow.	The day is warm and summery.	0
Two people, with buildings behind them, are standing near a blue car with two doors open.	Two people are standing.	1
Two people, with buildings behind them, are standing near a blue car with two doors open.	The car is orange.	0
People in a city gathered around a blue station wagon.	People are next to a vehicle in the city.	1
People in a city gathered around a blue station wagon.	The station wagon is green.	0
A light blue car stopped outside with all its doors open.	A car is in a race.	0
A light blue car stopped outside with all its doors open.	A car is parked with all of its doors open.	1
Woman in white dress holds dove while sitting in flowered tree.	The woman is wearing black with doves perched in the tree above her.	0
Woman in white dress holds dove while sitting in flowered tree.	Woman is outdoors and cradling a dove.	1
A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	The woman is blonde.	1
A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	The woman has red hair.	0
A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	The woman beats two eggs to make breakfast for her husband.	0
A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	The woman is playing the trumpet on the diving board.	0
A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	A white bird is being held by a woman who is blonde, dressed in a white dress, and sitting in a flowering tree.	1
A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	The woman uses her other hand to balance on the branch.	1
A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	the woman was under her bed	0
A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	A bird is caged by a woman in a house.	0
A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	the woman was outside	1
A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.	The woman is older than 15 years old.	1
a blond girl in a white dress holding a bird in a tree.	A lady is wearing a dress holding a mouse	0
a blond girl in a white dress holding a bird in a tree.	A lady is wearing a dress holding a bird	1
A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	There are flowers on the tree	1
A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	A woman is holding a bird.	1
A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	A woman shoveling snow from her driveway.	0
A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	the tree has fallen on a bird while sad owner looks concerned	0
A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	a woman and bird sit together	1
A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	the woman is climbing up the tree.	0
A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	The woman is standing on the tree	0
A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	the person is outdoors.	1
A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	The woman is swimming in the ocean with her bird.	0
A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.	The woman is older than 15.	1
People picking in a marsh.	People are ice fishing.	0
People picking in a marsh.	People are near a body of water.	1
Woman sitting in tree with dove.	A man hunts ducks.	0
Woman sitting in tree with dove.	A woman and a bird are near each other.	1
Woman sitting in tree with dove.	A woman is outside.	1
Woman sitting in tree with dove.	Woman in a tree.	1
Woman sitting in tree with dove.	Woman is standing next to a tree.	0
Woman sitting in tree with dove.	The woman is standing on a branch.	0
Woman sitting in tree with dove.	The woman is sleeping.	0
Woman sitting in tree with dove.	The lady is in her apartment staring at a sparrow.	0
Woman sitting in tree with dove.	A woman is near a bird	1
Woman sitting in tree with dove.	The lady and the bird are outside.	1
two people working in water next to field	Two people are next to a field.	1
two people working in water next to field	Three people are relaxing inside.	0
Two people are planting small bushes near a grassy area.	Two people are planting trees.	0
Two people are planting small bushes near a grassy area.	Two people are planting something.	1
a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A guy is gay.	0
a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A girl walking in front of a mural featuring a portrait of a bald guy.	1
a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	a lady walks past a large painting outside	1
a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	a cat flies an airplane	0
a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A person is walking past the portrait of our new alien overlord king.	0
a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A person walks in front of a wall painting of a man with no hair.	1
a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A person is outdoors.	1
a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A woman is looking at a mural inside of a museum.	0
a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A person is walking in front of an outdoor portrait of a man.	1
a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.	A man walks behind a wall mural.	0
A woman dressed in a white shirt is walking by graffiti.	A woman is walking.	1
A woman dressed in a white shirt is walking by graffiti.	A woman is spray painting a building.	0
Woman walking by a mural of an old bald man.	A woman watches tv.	0
Woman walking by a mural of an old bald man.	A woman sees a mural.	1
This wall has a picture of a man on it.	There is a wall and it has a picture on it.	1
This wall has a picture of a man on it.	There is a bare wall.	0
A woman walks by a mural.	there is a female in this picture	1
A woman walks by a mural.	She is rollerblading with fifteen dogs	0
A woman is a red tank top is riding horse.	There is no person is on a horse.	0
A woman is a red tank top is riding horse.	A woman is horseback.	1
Two men riding on a motorbike in an Asian community.	Two men are superheroes.	0
Two men riding on a motorbike in an Asian community.	Two men are riding bikes.	1
A man sits on a deck, taking a break from fishing.	A man sits in his fishing boat out at sea.	0
A man sits on a deck, taking a break from fishing.	A man sits on a deck.	1
The man is sitting on a wooden rail near two fishing poles.	The man is sitting.	1
The man is sitting on a wooden rail near two fishing poles.	The man is in the desert.	0
Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles.	The person is next to a fishing pole.	1
Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles.	The person is sitting next to one fishing pole.	0
A man sits on the edge of a wooden bench with two fishing poles behind him.	A man with fishing poles behind him sits on a bench.	1
A man sits on the edge of a wooden bench with two fishing poles behind him.	A man sits on a wooden bench in a train station filled with bags.	0
A man sits on the edge of a brige, looking out, fishing poles behind him.	A man sleeping.	0
A man sits on the edge of a brige, looking out, fishing poles behind him.	A man fishing.	1
Young men and women gather outside in the streets for a party.	Young men and women are gathering inside in the streets for a party.	0
Young men and women gather outside in the streets for a party.	Men and women are outside.	1
People on the roof of a building look down on a crowded street.	People are inside of the building.	0
People on the roof of a building look down on a crowded street.	People are outside.	1
Several people watching a scene on the street below from an apartment building.	The people are surfing in the ocean.	0
Several people watching a scene on the street below from an apartment building.	The people are looking out the window.	1
A group of people gathered around a brick building that has three men on top of it.	The building is wooden.	0
A group of people gathered around a brick building that has three men on top of it.	The building is occupied.	1
A man playing the guitar is jumping.	The man rows the boat down the river.	0
A man playing the guitar is jumping.	The guitarist performs.	1
A young man in black glasses and a striped shirt jumping up while playing a guitar.	A man is playing the guitar.	1
A young man in black glasses and a striped shirt jumping up while playing a guitar.	A man sits calmly as he plays a slow piece for the group on his guitar.	0
a young man playing an electric guitar while jumping up and down in front of fans.	The guitar playing is rolling around on the floor covered with peanuts.	0
a young man playing an electric guitar while jumping up and down in front of fans.	A guitar playing is playing for a audience.	1
The guy in a striped shirt is playing his electric guitar.	A couple at an outdoor concert.	0
The guy in a striped shirt is playing his electric guitar.	A male has an instrument.	1
A man in a striped polo plays a blue electric guitar.	The man is riding a unicycle in the circus.	0
A man in a striped polo plays a blue electric guitar.	The man is wearing a polo shirt.	1
Two men playing instruments for money while a woman is on her phone.	a kid using a straw	0
Two men playing instruments for money while a woman is on her phone.	people playing instruments for money	1
Two men, playing a soprano saxophone and guitar play music on a street corner while a listener checks her phone.	the men were playing music on the street corner	1
Two men, playing a soprano saxophone and guitar play music on a street corner while a listener checks her phone.	the musicians were playing in a large stadium	0
A lady standing on the corner using her phone.	She is inside her house	0
A lady standing on the corner using her phone.	The lady is outside	1
A girl photographs street musicians with her phone.	Girl calls her mom	0
A girl photographs street musicians with her phone.	Girl taking picture	1
A person aquestrian horse jumping over a wooden fence.	A person horse jumping	1
A person aquestrian horse jumping over a wooden fence.	A person kills a horse to send it to a glue factory.	0
Two men are playing instruments on a sidewalk.	Street performers show their skills.	1
Two men are playing instruments on a sidewalk.	Two musicians perform in a sold out hall.	0
A woman wearing a black top and red skirt is throwing a ball into the air.	A female is tossing a round object.	1
A woman wearing a black top and red skirt is throwing a ball into the air.	A man is throwing a frisbee.	0
Several people read by a campfire at night.	There are people outside.	1
Several people read by a campfire at night.	The people are sitting in the classroom.	0
A dog swims in the water.	A dog is swimming outside.	1
A dog swims in the water.	A frog swims in the water.	0
Three people sitting around a fire.	People on a plane.	0
Three people sitting around a fire.	Three people outside.	1
A group of people are burning things.	The lonely camper poured water on the campfire.	0
A group of people are burning things.	A group of people are burning stuff.	1
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.	A hippo is swimming in a lake.	0
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.	An animal is swimming outside.	1
three people sit around a campfire.	The fire burns on	1
three people sit around a campfire.	The four girls put out the fire	0
A dog swims through deep water.	Dog swimming in water.	1
A dog swims through deep water.	Dog running in an open field.	0
A black and white dog is swimming.	a dog dries itself off	0
A black and white dog is swimming.	There is an animal in water	1
A woman helps boys on a computer.	The woman is helping a kid eat.	0
A woman helps boys on a computer.	The boy is using a computer	1
A woman in a butchers shop leans over a counter and handles a large strip of meat.	A woman makes pizza.	0
A woman in a butchers shop leans over a counter and handles a large strip of meat.	A woman handles meat.	1
A woman with thinning hair is working in a meat processing plant.	A woman is working a tough job.	1
A woman with thinning hair is working in a meat processing plant.	A man is watching his employees.	0
A woman is handling meat from a clear glass meat cage while standing before a wooden counter with a large metal bowl on it.	Woman handling meat from in front of a wooden counter.	1
A woman is handling meat from a clear glass meat cage while standing before a wooden counter with a large metal bowl on it.	Woman petting her dog in the backyard, on a calm sunny day.	0
A room full of children raise their hands, fingers extended, to the sky.	There is a room full of children.	1
A room full of children raise their hands, fingers extended, to the sky.	There is a room with a single child.	0
A woman walks past a fountain with palm trees in the background.	A woman walks past water with tall trees in the background.	1
A woman walks past a fountain with palm trees in the background.	A woman goes for a swim in the water fountain with trees in the background.	0
people raise their hands.	People are waiting to answer questions.	1
people raise their hands.	The people are being rude.	0
An African American man in a suit gestures with his hands as he speaks.	A black man in a suit is moving his hands diligently while speaking.	1
An African American man in a suit gestures with his hands as he speaks.	A white man in overalls is moving his hands while speaking.	0
A man is browsing things for sale on the street.	A man is browsing things for sale on the road.	1
A man is browsing things for sale on the street.	A woman is browsing things for sale on the street.	0
A man on a high ladder is painting the outside of a house.	A man outside on a high ladder is painting the outside of a house.	1
A man on a high ladder is painting the outside of a house.	Picasso is doodling in a notebook.	0
Repairing a house in the hot sun how unfunny that has to be.	Its raining outside.	0
Repairing a house in the hot sun how unfunny that has to be.	It is to warm to be outside.	1
A man in khaki pants and a light shirt and hat stands on scaffolding to apply stucco to a building.	A man is playing basketball.	0
A man in khaki pants and a light shirt and hat stands on scaffolding to apply stucco to a building.	A man is wearing a hat.	1
Children getting temporary tattoos from a Muslim lady.	Children get some temporary bodily decorations	1
Children getting temporary tattoos from a Muslim lady.	Old man paint on canvas by the river	0
A little boy with blue jeans runs on the leaves in the woods.	A girl is dancing.	0
A little boy with blue jeans runs on the leaves in the woods.	The boy is playing in the woods.	1
A young boy in a blue shirt is walking on a trail through the woods.	The boy is sitting inside his tent.	0
A young boy in a blue shirt is walking on a trail through the woods.	A boy is outside.	1
A young child with blond-hair, wearing a blue shirt and jeans is walking in the woods.	A young girl plays with dolls.	0
A young child with blond-hair, wearing a blue shirt and jeans is walking in the woods.	A young child walks through the woods.	1
A small child in blue shirt and blue jeans is running through a wooded path over dry leaves.	A child is running over leaves.	1
A small child in blue shirt and blue jeans is running through a wooded path over dry leaves.	An old man is running over leaves.	0
Young boy jogging through the forest.	A kid sits by the stream	0
Young boy jogging through the forest.	A child runs through the woods	1
a small child in a pink shirt running through a flowery field.	A child is running.	1
a small child in a pink shirt running through a flowery field.	A puppy is sitting.	0
A crew gets ready at the sideline in an empty basketball stadium.	A crew is getting ready	1
Men standing at the edge of a basketball court talking to each other.	the men are sitting in a restaurant.	0
Men standing at the edge of a basketball court talking to each other.	The men are having a conversation.	1
commentators and broadcasters at there both in an arena before the game.	Commentators and broadcasters are preparing at the arena before a game	1
commentators and broadcasters at there both in an arena before the game.	Commentators and broadcasters are rushing through traffic before a game	0
Three basketball commentators are talking while standing on the sidelines.	Three basketball commentators are fighting the basketball players.	0
Three basketball commentators are talking while standing on the sidelines.	Three people are watching basketball from the sideline	1
Reporters or commentators at a sporting event are standing and sitting behind a large sign.	A group of people have gathered at a sporting event behind a large sign.	1
Reporters or commentators at a sporting event are standing and sitting behind a large sign.	No one gathered at a sporting event near the large sign.	0
Two women attempt to blow out the candles of a multicolored, multi-tiered cake while a third woman holds a candle up in the air.	There is fire visible in the shot.	1
Two women attempt to blow out the candles of a multicolored, multi-tiered cake while a third woman holds a candle up in the air.	There is only one food item visible, and it is a burrito.	0
A girl touches the fountain with her foot.	A volcano erupts.	0
A girl touches the fountain with her foot.	A girl and a fountain.	1
A little girl dressed in pink and white is walking.	The girl is being blown away by the wind.	0
A little girl dressed in pink and white is walking.	A girl is wearing pink and white.	1
A young girl in all pink clothing walking.	A child is wearing only one color.	1
A young girl in all pink clothing walking.	The girl is wearing all blue clothing.	0
A young Asian girl wearing a pink outfit is walking past a bicycle.	A young girl wears blue in the classroom.	0
A young Asian girl wearing a pink outfit is walking past a bicycle.	A young girl wears a pink outfit.	1
A man poses in mid jump beside a left turn road sign and a recumbent bicycle in the snow, behind him there is a large body of water.	A man is posing beside a road sign in the snow	1
A man poses in mid jump beside a left turn road sign and a recumbent bicycle in the snow, behind him there is a large body of water.	A child is running down the road.	0
The little girl is dressed in pink.	A little girl is dressed in the same color.	1
The little girl is dressed in pink.	Nobody is there.	0
A man jumping up in the snow next to a body of water.	It is snowing.	1
A man jumping up in the snow next to a body of water.	It is very hot.	0
A young boy paddling in a body of water on a small floating vessel near the shoreline.	A little boy is swimming in his backyard pool	0
A young boy paddling in a body of water on a small floating vessel near the shoreline.	A little boy is outside in the water	1
A nurse treating a child with cleft palate.	nurse treats child	1
A nurse treating a child with cleft palate.	moose eats trees	0
There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	There is only one person present.	0
There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	Some kids are taking a test at school.	0
There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	Three kids stand at the shore of a lake.	1
There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	A ship sinks in the ocean.	0
There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	There are multiple people present.	1
There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	A boy in a yellow kayak.	1
There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	Three children stand near a clear lake and some canoes, while a fourth child sits in a kayak holding a paddle, dressed in red.	1
There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	The grass is green.	1
There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	A lake is trying to pull the kids into it.	0
There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.	There is no water in the lake.	0
In the background, there are 3 people on the shore among several canoes, and the young man in the foreground is paddling through the water, while wearing a life jacket and smiling.	A young man is canoeing.	1
In the background, there are 3 people on the shore among several canoes, and the young man in the foreground is paddling through the water, while wearing a life jacket and smiling.	A group of people white water rafts down a raging river.	0
a child is paddleboarding outdoors	An old man falls off a paddleboard.	0
a child is paddleboarding outdoors	A small human in the water.	1
A smiling young girl sitting at a table has an upturned bowl on her head.	A child has a bowl on her head.	1
A smiling young girl sitting at a table has an upturned bowl on her head.	A girl has a plate on her head.	0
Three men sit together while one looks at a book.	People are staring at text.	1
Three men sit together while one looks at a book.	Women are reading a book.	0
A nurse monitors a young child who appears to be post-op.	A nurse monitors a patient.	1
A nurse monitors a young child who appears to be post-op.	A nurse is administering an injection.	0
A nurse monitors a young child who appears to be post-op.	A woman watching over a person.	1
The little girl in the blue sweater is reading her book.	A little girl is playing a board game with her brother.	0
The little girl in the blue sweater is reading her book.	A small child is holding a book.	1
The nurse smiles as she gently rubs the tummy of the sleeping child.	The sleeping child is standing.	0
The nurse smiles as she gently rubs the tummy of the sleeping child.	The sleeping child is in the hospital.	1
A little girl with a backpack sitting down looking at a book.	the girl reads a book	1
A little girl with a backpack sitting down looking at a book.	the dog eats rats	0
A baseball player holds his bat, while the catcher and umpire squat behind him and a crowd watches.	The crowd watches a baseball game	1
A baseball player holds his bat, while the catcher and umpire squat behind him and a crowd watches.	The crowd is watching a track meet.	0
There is a baseball player standing at home plate, the catcher behind him has his hand up in the air with his glove, and the umpire is standing behind him, and many people in the stands.	Fans fill the seats as they watch their favorite soccer teams battle it out on the pitch.	0
There is a baseball player standing at home plate, the catcher behind him has his hand up in the air with his glove, and the umpire is standing behind him, and many people in the stands.	A baseball game is being played.	1
A baseball player getting ready to bat.	The player is ready to hit.	1
A baseball player getting ready to bat.	The basketball player is going to throw the ball.	0
A man in a red and white uniform holding a bat.	One man with a bat wearing red and white.	1
A man in a red and white uniform holding a bat.	Someone wearing green and yellow holds a crickett bat.	0
A baseball player is holding a bat.	The person has a piece of athletic equipment.	1
A baseball player is holding a bat.	An athlete is playing piano.	0
A lone boat sitting in the water.	A boat sits alone at the docks edge.	1
A lone boat sitting in the water.	The boat was surrounded by other large steam ships.	0
A girl in a pink tank top and green pants is running through a field of tall flowers.	A girl in a tank top and pants is running.	1
A girl in a pink tank top and green pants is running through a field of tall flowers.	A girl in a blue dress is sitting under a tall tree.	0
Four ice skaters racing around a corner.	The people are sitting on a couch.	0
Four ice skaters racing around a corner.	The people are racing.	1
Two men talk at a crowded beach on a nice day.	Two men talk at the beach.	1
Two men talk at a crowded beach on a nice day.	Two men talk in the rain.	0
Four skaters are competing in a high speed skating competition, and turning on the track.	Four people are skating.	1
Four skaters are competing in a high speed skating competition, and turning on the track.	Four people are at the bar.	0
Four athletes from two different teams are competing in their sport on the ice rink.	People are playing a game on the ice.	1
Four athletes from two different teams are competing in their sport on the ice rink.	The couple is taking a picture.	0
Four people turn a corner in a speed skating event.	The people are skating.	1
Four people turn a corner in a speed skating event.	The boy and girl are swimming across the lake.	0
Four women participating in an ice-skating race.	Some humans participating.	1
Four women participating in an ice-skating race.	Huge humans participating.	0
A team of soccer players in white strips are running around cones on a sports field.	The soccer players are standing around drinking water.	0
A team of soccer players in white strips are running around cones on a sports field.	Soccer players are running on the grass.	1
Runners in a marathon going uphill.	Runners run in the marathon.	1
Runners in a marathon going uphill.	The runners will not go uphill.	0
An older man in jeans and a sweater is lifting down a box from the top of a pile.	The man is eating dinner.	0
An older man in jeans and a sweater is lifting down a box from the top of a pile.	The man is moving a box,	1
An older man places a wooden crate on top of a stack of wooden crates.	A man stacking crates.	1
An older man places a wooden crate on top of a stack of wooden crates.	A man stacking boxes in a truck.	0
Man in sweater stacks wooden crates next to pile of plastic crates.	A man working hard.	1
Man in sweater stacks wooden crates next to pile of plastic crates.	A chicken prepares for battle.	0
Man stacking wooden crates on top of each other.	A man performs simple work functions.	1
Man stacking wooden crates on top of each other.	A man stacks crates next to each other.	0
An elderly male is reaching for a crate.	A woman standing on a crate	0
An elderly male is reaching for a crate.	An old man trying to get to a crate	1
A girl in a green sweatshirt sitting down and a girl in a dress leaning on blue lockers.	One girl is sitting.	1
A girl in a green sweatshirt sitting down and a girl in a dress leaning on blue lockers.	The girl is swimming.	0
A girl is on a stool while another girl is reading and leaning on some lockers	A girl is busy reading while another sits nearby.	1
A girl is on a stool while another girl is reading and leaning on some lockers	Two girls are getting books out of their lockers.	0
Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Men are working.	1
Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men are inside a boat.	0
Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men are working outside.	1
Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men are standing on top of a fence.	0
Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men a hats and yellow shirts are working behind a fence.	1
Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	The group of men are fighting chickens behind a fence.	0
Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men work.	1
Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men work behind a fence.	1
Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Two men in yellow shirts doze off in the grass.	0
Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.	Tulips grow out of Popeye's ears.	0
Two men wearing bright green shirts are looking for something by a bush.	Two women are looking for something.	0
Two men wearing bright green shirts are looking for something by a bush.	Two men are looking for something.	1
Two workers in neon green shirts opening a utility box.	Two workers are opening a utility box.	1
Two workers in neon green shirts opening a utility box.	Two workers are hammering in nails on a deck.	0
Men wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.	People wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.	1
Men wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.	Women wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.	0
Two people doing yard work.	Two people sitting at a desk	0
Two people doing yard work.	People working in a yard	1
A man with a drink cup is talking to another man.	Two guys are talking.	1
A man with a drink cup is talking to another man.	Five girls are talking.	0
An older man with a cane stands against a wall.	A person is standing	1
An older man with a cane stands against a wall.	A man is sitting on the train	0
One person holds a giant snowball over two others on the ground in a snowy background.	People are outside in the snow.	1
One person holds a giant snowball over two others on the ground in a snowy background.	One person is holding two other people hostage with a gun on a plane.	0
A man holding a large chunk of snow over two people on the ground.	The guy is getting ready to throw snow at some people.	1
A man holding a large chunk of snow over two people on the ground.	The father and the two kids are playing on the beach.	0
Two friends await their demise as a man with a giant snowball held above his head waits for the perfect time to strike	Humans waiting	1
Two friends await their demise as a man with a giant snowball held above his head waits for the perfect time to strike	Nobody is waiting	0
two dogs playing	The two dogs are sleeping under the porch of the house.	0
two dogs playing	There are two animals in this picture.	1
Two dogs look at one another outside.	Two dogs are outside.	1
Two dogs look at one another outside.	Four dogs look at one another inside.	0
Two small dogs run across the green grass.	Two little dogs run across the grass.	1
Two small dogs run across the green grass.	animals are running outdoors	1
Two small dogs run across the green grass.	the pets are laying on the floor inside.	0
Two small dogs run across the green grass.	The canines run near each other.	1
Two small dogs run across the green grass.	Three cats are sleeping.	0
Two small dogs run across the green grass.	The dogs fall asleep near the cats.	0
Two small dogs run across the green grass.	Two dogs are outside.	1
Two small dogs run across the green grass.	Two dogs sit down.	0
Two small dogs run across the green grass.	Two dogs are outside.	1
Two small dogs run across the green grass.	Two large dogs run across the sidewalk.	0
Three people playing in the snow.	Three people play outside	1
Three people playing in the snow.	Three people sit in a hot tub	0
two small dogs playing with each other in the grass	Two dogs are playing.	1
two small dogs playing with each other in the grass	Two dogs are fighting.	0
A man in a white jacket standing in front of an older woman in a white jacket playing crochet.	The man wearing the jacket stood in front of two women.	1
A man in a white jacket standing in front of an older woman in a white jacket playing crochet.	The man was playing crochet with the two women.	0
A man in a white jacket standing in front of an older woman in a white jacket playing crochet.	The man was wearing a black jacket.	0
a woman in a coat watching a man in a jacket kick balls.	A woman sees a man sitting still.	0
a woman in a coat watching a man in a jacket kick balls.	A woman is watching a man kick things.	1
A man and woman are looking at many balls on the ground.	A girl looking at some squares on the bench	0
A man and woman are looking at many balls on the ground.	Two people looking at balls	1
A man and old woman is playing a game	Two kids watch tv.	0
A man and old woman is playing a game	Two people play a game.	1
a black dog digging through the snow.	The puppy is playing outside.	1
a black dog digging through the snow.	The pet is inside the house.	0
Elderly bald man with a beard playing the guitar in a band.	There are people making music together.	1
Elderly bald man with a beard playing the guitar in a band.	The band is eating lunch at their favorite cafe	0
An older man plying a guitar in a band.	The man is holding the instrument.	1
An older man plying a guitar in a band.	The man is playing the harmonica in his bathroom.	0
An older man in a white sure is playing a guitar while others play different instruments.	People making music together	1
An older man in a white sure is playing a guitar while others play different instruments.	A group of people holding babies in a hospital	0
Man in white t-shirt and white beard plays electric guitar with a fiddler in a band.	Three people went to the planetarium.	0
Man in white t-shirt and white beard plays electric guitar with a fiddler in a band.	The band had a fiddler and a guitarist.	1
Two children are laughing and playing in a tire swing at a park.	Children are playing in a tire swing.	1
Two children are laughing and playing in a tire swing at a park.	Children are playing on a slide at the park.	0
An elderly man playing guitar on stage.	An elderly woman playing guitar on stage.	0
An elderly man playing guitar on stage.	An elderly person playing guitar on stage.	1
Students in a classroom of some sort are doing art projects.	Students are working on their art projects in the classroom.	1
Students in a classroom of some sort are doing art projects.	The students are being taught an algebra lesson.	0
A small black and brown dog is standing in the snow.	A dog is outside in the snow.	1
A small black and brown dog is standing in the snow.	A dog is rolling around in the snow.	0
a large black dog fighting with another large brown and black dog.	the cat is sleeping on the woman	0
a large black dog fighting with another large brown and black dog.	There are some dogs that are fighting	1
A group of cheerleaders are cheering on a field.	A group of cheerleaders cheering.	1
A group of cheerleaders are cheering on a field.	Two girls riding bikes.	0
A old man with a cane standing outside.	A man is standing.	1
A old man with a cane standing outside.	An old man rides a bicycle.	0
The woman, in the beret, is in the process of writing information in regard to what she sees in the microscope.	a woman writes down what she is seeing	1
The woman, in the beret, is in the process of writing information in regard to what she sees in the microscope.	there is a child playing	0
A woman with brown hair and wearing a black hat is looking in a microscope and writing something down.	The woman is in the beauty salon having her hair and nails done	0
A woman with brown hair and wearing a black hat is looking in a microscope and writing something down.	The woman is using a microscope and taking notes	1
A woman wearing a black code and hat is at school looking through a microscope and taking notes.	The teacher is writing on the chalkboard.	0
A woman wearing a black code and hat is at school looking through a microscope and taking notes.	A woman looks through the microscope.	1
Ensuring that an accurate account of all I see here is appropriately recorded.	Ensuring that all the clothes are clean and pressed.	0
Ensuring that an accurate account of all I see here is appropriately recorded.	Establishing that everything is accurately recorded.	1
Three dogs affectionately playing	The dogs are sleeping.	0
Three dogs affectionately playing	The animals are friendly to each other.	1
Man helping passengers get on tour boat.	There are people getting on a tour boat.	1
Man helping passengers get on tour boat.	The tour boat is sinking.	0
A large dock runs into a lake next to a group of people swimming.	People take a swim at the lake	1
A large dock runs into a lake next to a group of people swimming.	An iced over lake is bereft of anyone around it	0
A black dog digs in the snow.	The dog sleeping in his bed	0
A black dog digs in the snow.	The black dog is outside	1
A woman buys fresh food from a stand at a farmer's market.	A woman spends money.	1
A woman buys fresh food from a stand at a farmer's market.	A woman is in the mall.	0
Girl gets all her fingers cutoff trying to catch a Frisbee, fail!	A girl lost her fingers!	1
Girl gets all her fingers cutoff trying to catch a Frisbee, fail!	A boy is watching tv.	0
Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Women playing sports	0
Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	A couple women are playing frisbee.	1
Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Two women are playing a game.	1
Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Two woman playing games	1
Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Two women are sitting in a restaurant.	0
Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Two women are playing frisbee together.	1
Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	A couple of women are playing catch with a baseball.	0
Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Two women sitting in a park	0
Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Three women playing frisbee	1
Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.	Two women are watching a spaceship fly through the air.	0
Two men in baseball hats selling asparagus and other vegetables from an outdoor stand to a woman carrying a green bag.	Two men sell vegetables at an outdoor stand.	1
Two men in baseball hats selling asparagus and other vegetables from an outdoor stand to a woman carrying a green bag.	The men are selling home made cheese and butter.	0
Beautiful young lady striking an artistic pose.	The woman is posing.	1
Beautiful young lady striking an artistic pose.	The woman is old.	0
Man serving a customer from a vegetable stand.	The man is working the vegetable stand.	1
Man serving a customer from a vegetable stand.	The man is cooking at a grill.	0
A woman in a white dress sits while another woman blow dries her hair.	A lady is getting ready for a banquet.	0
A woman in a white dress sits while another woman blow dries her hair.	A lady is near a blow dryer.	1
A young man in a green long-sleeved shirt and tie playing a saxophone.	the young man is wearing a black t-shirt modeled after a tuxedo	0
A young man in a green long-sleeved shirt and tie playing a saxophone.	the young man is playing the saxophone	1
Three men and one woman in a band on a stage.	The band members were singing.	1
Three men and one woman in a band on a stage.	The band was not there.	0
The blond boy is playing the saxophone for a band.	A girls is polishing the instruments.	0
The blond boy is playing the saxophone for a band.	A boy is playing an instrument.	1
Young man in a school band who has center stage and is doing his best.	A school band is playing.	1
Young man in a school band who has center stage and is doing his best.	A group of men are working in a play.	0
A woman in a blue dress sings while her bandmates play instruments.	People are singing and playing instruments.	1
A woman in a blue dress sings while her bandmates play instruments.	The singing woman is wearing a green dress.	0
A band with four members, one female, plays for a small audience.	A single person plays a harmonica alone.	0
A band with four members, one female, plays for a small audience.	A music group plays music.	1
A musical quintet are performing at a festival.	Four people at a festival.	1
A musical quintet are performing at a festival.	Two men sleeping.	0
A 5-person band is performing on a stage inside a tent.	A solo performer sits alone on the stage.	0
A 5-person band is performing on a stage inside a tent.	A band performs a musical number on stage.	1
A large woman in a blue jacket is looking irritated.	a heavy set woman wearing a jacket is not happy.	1
A large woman in a blue jacket is looking irritated.	a slim woman is enjoying her blue jacket.	0
Two men in wheelchairs crash and they reach for the ball.	The men are sleeping	0
Two men in wheelchairs crash and they reach for the ball.	Two men are in wheelchairs	1
A boogie boarder surfs on a man made wave.	There is a person with a boogie board.	1
A boogie boarder surfs on a man made wave.	The person with the boogie board is walking home on the sidewalk.	0
A bride and groom dance surrounded by people at the reception.	Two complete strangers are the only ones in the room.	0
A bride and groom dance surrounded by people at the reception.	A married couple is in the proximity of other humans.	1
A young blond woman in a blue top sits at a green table studying	A young women is sitting.	1
A young blond woman in a blue top sits at a green table studying	The young women is outside at a red table.	0
A referee is speaking to some players on a field.	referee discussing with player	1
A referee is speaking to some players on a field.	players playing	0
Man and woman discussing a topic while sitting in chairs, a water bottle sitting on the table.	man and woman talking	1
Man and woman discussing a topic while sitting in chairs, a water bottle sitting on the table.	dog looks at car	0
Two teams compete in a game of football and are hurrying to catch the ball midair.	two teams playing rugby.	0
Two teams compete in a game of football and are hurrying to catch the ball midair.	two teams playing a game.	1
Players from two teams tangle together in pursuit of a flying rugby ball.	Two teams playing.	1
Players from two teams tangle together in pursuit of a flying rugby ball.	One team practicing rugby.	0
Black and White Team rugby players are struggling over the ball in front of a white wall that has blue writing.	The rugby players forgot to bring their ball today.	0
Black and White Team rugby players are struggling over the ball in front of a white wall that has blue writing.	The words on the wall are wrote in blue.	1
A team of men are playing a game in which several of them are jumping to reach the ball.	The men are fishing on a boat.	0
A team of men are playing a game in which several of them are jumping to reach the ball.	The men are playing basketball.	1
A group of rugby players are struggling over the ball.	A group is struggling over a ball.	1
A group of rugby players are struggling over the ball.	A group of basketball players rest on the sidelines.	0
A boy is hugging a smaller boy from behind.	a couple boys are together	1
A boy is hugging a smaller boy from behind.	girls are swimming	0
Two young boys wearing jerseys are washing their hands in the bathroom.	A couple of young boys are washing their hands.	1
Two young boys wearing jerseys are washing their hands in the bathroom.	A couple of kids are running down a hall.	0
Asian women in traditional garb are walking in a parade.	Asian women cooking food	0
Asian women in traditional garb are walking in a parade.	Asian women in a parade	1
A man in green shorts and a brown shirt and sunglasses takes a picture.	The man taking the picture is wearing shorts and sunglasses.	1
A man in green shorts and a brown shirt and sunglasses takes a picture.	A man in purple shorts takes a picture.	0
Three Asian people wait on the sidewalk.	3 people are on the sidewalk	1
Three Asian people wait on the sidewalk.	3 white people sit on the curb	0
A group of people sitting at an outdoor table eating food and drinking alcoholic beverages.	The people are outdoors eating and drinking.	1
A group of people sitting at an outdoor table eating food and drinking alcoholic beverages.	The people are inside at the dining room table.	0
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building with some graffiti on it.	A woman and man are standing in front of a building.	1
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building with some graffiti on it.	A single man is alone in a boat on the ocean.	0
A young girl and a young guy are outside on a street facing each other.	Some people are outside.	1
A young girl and a young guy are outside on a street facing each other.	Two people are sitting in the movie theater.	0
A woman in a black jacket is talking to a man who's wearing white sneakers next to a yellow building.	The woman is talking to another woman.	0
A woman in a black jacket is talking to a man who's wearing white sneakers next to a yellow building.	The woman is talking.	1
Two people stand in front of a building with graffiti that reads "Boss Life".	Two people stand outside.	1
Two people stand in front of a building with graffiti that reads "Boss Life".	The building was burnt down due to arson.	0
A group of adults in casual dress sit down to eat a barbecued meal.	The adults are wearing clothes.	1
A group of adults in casual dress sit down to eat a barbecued meal.	The children are eating the meal.	0
Two people are facing each other on the corner of a street.	The two people are standing back to back.	0
Two people are facing each other on the corner of a street.	The two people are outdoors	1
A woman in red sips a drink as she looks at the people below her.	A woman in black sips a drink as she looks at the dogs below her.	0
A woman in red sips a drink as she looks at the people below her.	A person drinks while people watching.	1
Many people wearing red and white are walking in the street as another lady, wearing a red blouse, watches from above holding a drink.	The people are all nude.	0
Many people wearing red and white are walking in the street as another lady, wearing a red blouse, watches from above holding a drink.	People are walking on a street.	1
A view of a city street where many people wearing white and red are walking.	There is a view of a city street with some people wearing white and red walking.	1
A view of a city street where many people wearing white and red are walking.	There is a view of a city street with many people wearing white and red while walking.	1
A view of a city street where many people wearing white and red are walking.	There is no view of the city street with some people wearing black and yellow while walking.	0
Two elderly people sing in microphones while playing instruments.	The people are making noise together.	1
Two elderly people sing in microphones while playing instruments.	The people are quietly eating.	0
An older middle-aged man wearing a brown hat is strumming a guitar and singing into a microphone; his female companion is singing into a microphone and playing an instrument also, but the woman's instrument cannot be readily seen.	The couple sing harmoniously as the woman plucks her glittery banjo, it's sparkle standing out in the crowd.	0
An older middle-aged man wearing a brown hat is strumming a guitar and singing into a microphone; his female companion is singing into a microphone and playing an instrument also, but the woman's instrument cannot be readily seen.	The man and woman singing due play their instruments, although the woman's instrument is blocked by something.	1
A young woman sips a drink on a balcony during a Bull run.	The woman sipped her drink.	1
A young woman sips a drink on a balcony during a Bull run.	The woman ate a candy bar on the balcony.	0
A couple of old people playing instruments and singing.	old people are singing and playing instruments	1
A couple of old people playing instruments and singing.	the old people are on their death beds watching tv	0
Several people are standing in a fenced in area.	There are some people standing around whilst fenced in.	1
Several people are standing in a fenced in area.	A few people are sitting down in a fenced area.	0
A winter landscape with four people walking in the snow.	A winter scene with people walking.	1
A winter landscape with four people walking in the snow.	A winter landscape with people dressed in swimsuits.	0
two dogs run across dry ground.	two animals run across dry ground.	1
two dogs run across dry ground.	two cats run across dry ground.	0
Two dogs walking along dirt path.	The animals are taking a nap inside.	0
Two dogs walking along dirt path.	The animals are moving.	1
The dogs are walking in the desert.	The dogs are running in the desert.	0
The dogs are walking in the desert.	The dogs are on the beach.	1
Two dogs are walking away from the camera through shrubs and grass.	There are some dogs outside.	1
Two dogs are walking away from the camera through shrubs and grass.	The dogs are running towards the camera.	0
A man holds onto a tether as he waterskis splashing water every direction!	a man on a motorcycle	0
A man holds onto a tether as he waterskis splashing water every direction!	a man watersking	1
Two dogs playing outside.	There are canines in the yard.	1
Two dogs playing outside.	Two dogs are running through the house.	0
A young Indian girl in a blue dress is pointing and smiling at the camera.	the girl is wearing jeans.	0
A young Indian girl in a blue dress is pointing and smiling at the camera.	THe girl is on tv	1
Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	The girls are wearing red sweaters.	0
Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	At least one girl is smiling.	1
Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	There is a smiling girl pointing to the camera.	1
Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	A man holding fabric while a girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	0
Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	a number of girls dressed in blue, one of whom smiles	1
Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	A lady holds fabric while another woman points at the camera.	1
Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	A girl smiles and points at a picture.	1
Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	The girls are wearing shorts.	0
Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	Girls in swimsuits get ready to dive into an empty pool.	0
Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.	twenty puppys lick a sad girls tears	0
Dog catching a red Frisbee.	A dog watches a frisbee pass over his head and yawns.	0
Dog catching a red Frisbee.	A dog is playing catch.	1
Girls in blue dresses are holding large blue cloths.	A group of boys playing ball.	0
Girls in blue dresses are holding large blue cloths.	A group of girls in blue holding cloths.	1
A man wearing swim goggles is doing the crawl in a lane in a swimming pool.	Nobody is in a pool.	0
A man wearing swim goggles is doing the crawl in a lane in a swimming pool.	A human in a pool	1
Two Indian people are dancing at a wedding with flower petals all over the floor.	Two Indian people people dancing at a wedding.	1
Two Indian people are dancing at a wedding with flower petals all over the floor.	Two Indian people eating a wedding dinner.	0
The boys draw in the sand with sticks.	The adults build crappy sandcastles.	0
The boys draw in the sand with sticks.	The children play simply.	1
A girl wearing a blue dress is sliding down a tube slide.	A girl wearing a red dress is playing on the monkey bars.	0
A girl wearing a blue dress is sliding down a tube slide.	A girl wearing a blue dress is playing at a playground.	1
A swimmer is emerging from the water	The swimmer is coming up from the water.	1
A swimmer is emerging from the water	The swimmer is drowning.	0
A bearded man wears a red bandanna and a leather jacket over a teeshirt with an American flag on it.	A bearded man is wearing an America-themed shirt.	1
A bearded man wears a red bandanna and a leather jacket over a teeshirt with an American flag on it.	The bandanna is yellow.	0
A swimmer's hand is taken as he gets out of the water.	The swimmer is diving deep into the ocean.	0
A swimmer's hand is taken as he gets out of the water.	The swimmer is female.	0
A swimmer's hand is taken as he gets out of the water.	The swimmer is getting out of the water.	1
A swimmer exits the water after a competition.	A person is wet.	1
A swimmer exits the water after a competition.	A person is running in a field.	0
The child wearing the green shirt is on the beach talking with some people.	The child is in a barren field.	0
The child wearing the green shirt is on the beach talking with some people.	The child is wearing green.	1
Four people in sunhats are sitting and talking together on the sand of the ocean shore.	Three people without hats are sitting on the beach.	0
Four people in sunhats are sitting and talking together on the sand of the ocean shore.	Four people sit outside.	1
Three guys sitting on a sandy beach near the water and one is talking to the two little girls.	The girl sat on the beach alone.	0
Three guys sitting on a sandy beach near the water and one is talking to the two little girls.	The guys sat on the beach near the water.	1
A small group of adults and children are wearing hats and shorts on the sandy beach near the blue water.	A small group of adults and children are not wearing hats	0
A small group of adults and children are wearing hats and shorts on the sandy beach near the blue water.	A small group of adults and children are wearing hats	1
Four people with hats are relaxing at the coast.	Some people are having a large party on the coast.	0
Four people with hats are relaxing at the coast.	Some people are sitting on the coast.	1
A man wearing a beret walks down the street and smiles.	The man is happy as he walks.	1
A man wearing a beret walks down the street and smiles.	The woman sits outside.	0
Two people are outside walking through the snow.	The people are inside.	0
Two people are outside walking through the snow.	There are people.	1
A dog rolls on his back.	The dog is swimming.	0
A dog rolls on his back.	The dog rolls over.	1
People sitting on black chairs on a bus.	The people in a bus	1
People sitting on black chairs on a bus.	The people are outside.	0
A woman who has just finished her dance performance3.	A woman just finished eating cake.	0
A woman who has just finished her dance performance3.	A woman just finished dancing.	1
A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	A woman is drawing.	1
A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	A woman is drawing.	1
A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	The woman is old	0
A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	A young girl is drawing using a Sharpie marker	1
A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	The woman is running around the room.	0
A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	Three art students are walking in the art classroom and exchanging their paint brushes	0
A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	a women is drawing	1
A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	The woman is drawing	1
A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	the women is using a pencil	0
A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.	A man is drawing with a colored pencil.	0
A woman is drawing at a table with a blue permanent marker.	A woman is writing on a wall with a colored pencil.	0
A woman is drawing at a table with a blue permanent marker.	A woman is drawing.	1
A young woman draws lines on a tile with a permanent marker.	The carpenter draws lines on the wooden board.	0
A young woman draws lines on a tile with a permanent marker.	A person is using a writing utensil.	1
A woman with strawberry blond-hair decorates a tile in yellow and black.	A woman is decorating a tile.	1
A woman with strawberry blond-hair decorates a tile in yellow and black.	A woman is weaving a basket.	0
An art student uses a blue Sharpie to create a pattern on thick, white poster board.	A student draws on poster board.	1
An art student uses a blue Sharpie to create a pattern on thick, white poster board.	A student knits a scarf.	0
A military man walks in front of a procession of people during a parade.	A man walks behind the parade.	0
A military man walks in front of a procession of people during a parade.	A man is in a parade..	1
Barefooted, someone appears to be looking in a bathroom mirror.	A person appears to be looking in a mirror.	1
Barefooted, someone appears to be looking in a bathroom mirror.	A person in shoes is dancing.	0
A woman in a pool looking down.	A woman is looking down into a pool of tears preparing to dive into them.	0
A woman in a pool looking down.	A woman is looking into a pool.	1
A biker pops a wheelie along side the colorful wall.	A person is riding a bike near a wall.	1
A biker pops a wheelie along side the colorful wall.	A person is walking their bike by a wall.	0
A baseball player hits baseball.	The player swings his bat.	1
A baseball player hits baseball.	The player is throwing the football.	0
A woman in a yellow shirts walks through a park with her dog not far behind.	The man is running away from the cat	0
A woman in a yellow shirts walks through a park with her dog not far behind.	A woman walks with her dog	1
A man on a small bicycle performing a trick on a wall covered with graffiti.	A man is riding a bicycle up a graffiti covered wall.	1
A man on a small bicycle performing a trick on a wall covered with graffiti.	A man is riding a bicycle down a country road.	0
A baseball player hitting a ball.	someone hitting a ball	1
A baseball player hitting a ball.	2 basketball players	0
A trials biker doing a stunt on a graffiti-filled wall.	The person is on a bicycle.	1
A trials biker doing a stunt on a graffiti-filled wall.	The man is on a boat.	0
A bmx rider does a trick against a graffiti covered wall.	A bike rider is outside doing tricks.	1
A bmx rider does a trick against a graffiti covered wall.	The bike rider is sitting on a chair.	0
Two men, both wearing green cycling clothes and helmets, are riding bicycles.	Two guys ride bikes.	1
Two men, both wearing green cycling clothes and helmets, are riding bicycles.	Two guys eat hamburgers in front of TV.	0
A lady in a purple shirt is painting a picture of a person on a curved wall.	A lady painting.	1
A lady in a purple shirt is painting a picture of a person on a curved wall.	A naked lady painting stick figures with her feces.	0
A woman with a purple shirt painting another woman on a wall.	A man is dancing at a party while a woman is on the wall.	0
A woman with a purple shirt painting another woman on a wall.	A woman who is wearing purple is painting another woman.	1
A lady painting on a public wall!	The woman was inside the coffee house.	0
A lady painting on a public wall!	The woman was painting.	1
Seven people walking across a bridge.	There are people on a bridge	1
Seven people walking across a bridge.	There is one person on a bridge	0
Three young boys are dressed in hoodies facing the same way.	Three young boys are all in swimming trunks and no shirts.	0
Three young boys are dressed in hoodies facing the same way.	Group of young boys all in hoodies.	1
A man and a woman conversing in a city.	the man was in the countryside	0
A man and a woman conversing in a city.	the man was talking	1
A man and a woman eating at an outdoor table.	The man and woman are on their phones.	0
A man and a woman eating at an outdoor table.	The couple are outdoors.	1
A couple having lunch on a public lunch table.	A couple is sleeping.	0
A couple having lunch on a public lunch table.	A couple is having lunch	1
Three boys in hooded sweatshirts standing and looking at camera.	Some kids in hooded sweatshirts loiter.	1
Three boys in hooded sweatshirts standing and looking at camera.	Three girls having a tea party.	0
A little girl smiling in a colorful knitted hat.	The little girl is angry	0
A little girl smiling in a colorful knitted hat.	The little girl is happy	1
Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A little girl runs through the living room laughing	0
Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A little girl is inside.	1
Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A little girl wears a colorful hat.	1
Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A girl in a hat	1
Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A baby is crying.	0
Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A girl rides a horse in a field.	0
Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A girl is wearing a hat.	1
Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A girl has something on her head.	1
Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A little girl is lying down, as she is very sick.	0
Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.	A boy is running in a field.	0
A little girl with a knit hat laying on a pillow propping her head up with her hands.	A child is laying down.	1
A little girl with a knit hat laying on a pillow propping her head up with her hands.	A boy is playing with his friends	0
A little girl in a pink, blue, orange and green hat with her hands on her face posing for the camera.	A little girl chases an ice cream truck.	0
A little girl in a pink, blue, orange and green hat with her hands on her face posing for the camera.	A little girl poses for the camera.	1
Several people are moving away from a brightly colored tower.	There is a group of people near a tower.	1
Several people are moving away from a brightly colored tower.	The people are inside a house.	0
Three young men wearing hooded sweatshirts are posing for a photo.	The men are eating pie.	0
Three young men wearing hooded sweatshirts are posing for a photo.	Three men have clothes on.	1
Asian Child in fancy hat posing for picture	the child is asian	1
Asian Child in fancy hat posing for picture	the child is mexican	0
A man looking at the scenery through binoculars.	A man is using a tool to improve his view.	1
A man looking at the scenery through binoculars.	The man is reading a book.	0
A man photographs out off of the frozen land.	The man is drinking coffee.	0
A man photographs out off of the frozen land.	The man has a camera.	1
A guy is standing on an ice patch by the sea, looking through a telescope at sunset.	a woman pilots a submarine on land	0
A guy is standing on an ice patch by the sea, looking through a telescope at sunset.	a man looks through a telescope by the sea	1
There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.	People are walking in New York.	1
There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.	There are many people walking at Times Square.	1
There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.	People are walking next to a building that has a Cinderella poster in the window.	0
There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.	There are many people sitting at Times Square	0
Photographer taking pictures of sunset.	Photographer taking pictures of of a birthday party.	0
Photographer taking pictures of sunset.	Photographer taking pictures.	1
A girl in a black shirt is looking to the side while sitting on a wooden bench.	A girl in a red shirt is eating some ice cream.	0
A girl in a black shirt is looking to the side while sitting on a wooden bench.	A person is sitting on a bench.	1
A young girl playing on a log swing.	a girl swinging	1
A young girl playing on a log swing.	a man falls off a swing	0
A girl sitting on a bench amongst the grass	A girl is having a picnic	0
A girl sitting on a bench amongst the grass	A girl is sitting on a bench outside	1
A woman sitting on a bench in a park on a cloudy day	The woman is dancing in the streets.	0
A woman sitting on a bench in a park on a cloudy day	There is a woman on a bench outside.	1
A woman holding a girl's wrist walking down the street.	Some people being lazy sitting on the curb.	0
A woman holding a girl's wrist walking down the street.	Some people walking down the street.	1
A woman holding a little girls hand walking across a bridge.	Two people are sitting on a bench.	0
A woman holding a little girls hand walking across a bridge.	Two people walking across a bridge.	1
A girl is swinging on a piece of wood.	The girl is swimming in a lake.	0
A girl is swinging on a piece of wood.	The girl is outside.	1
A girl with dark hair swings on a hanging log.	The girl has red hair.	0
A girl with dark hair swings on a hanging log.	A girl is swinging.	1
A man wearing a wedding band is pouring a white liquid into a cup of brown liquid.	the man is sleeping in his bed	0
A man wearing a wedding band is pouring a white liquid into a cup of brown liquid.	there is one man in this picture	1
One small dog chases another across grass.	There are no dogs.	0
One small dog chases another across grass.	There are two dogs	1
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.	The baby is playing alone at home.	0
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.	The baby is walking in a plaza.	1
Monks in red robes sell vegetables at a market.	monks selling vegetables in the market	1
Monks in red robes sell vegetables at a market.	people waddling down the street	0
A group of teenagers sitting in the hall at school.	A group of teenagers plays tennis at the park	0
A group of teenagers sitting in the hall at school.	Teenagers are sitting in the school hallway	1
A baby in jeans and a winter jacket sits on top of a blue slide.	A man sitting on a couch asleep	0
A baby in jeans and a winter jacket sits on top of a blue slide.	A baby sitting on top of a slide	1
A woman in a flower shirt is working on a piece of pottery.	She wears a decorated shirt	1
A woman in a flower shirt is working on a piece of pottery.	He eats the pottery	0
Two people climb a set of stairs onto a bridge.	two people climb a set of stairs onto a pirate ship.	0
Two people climb a set of stairs onto a bridge.	two people are outside moving.	1
Man and woman walking up the stairs to an overpass.	A husband and wife are swimming in the ocean.	0
Man and woman walking up the stairs to an overpass.	Two people are escalating.	1
2 people walking up a set of stairs in the city.	People walking up stairs.	1
2 people walking up a set of stairs in the city.	People walking down stairs.	0
A man walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.	A person walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.	1
A man walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.	A woman walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.	0
A couple is walking up the stairs to a bridge in a downtown part of a city.	A child climbs steps by themselves next to a bridge.	0
A couple is walking up the stairs to a bridge in a downtown part of a city.	Two people walking up to a bridge.	1
A man wearing green shoes lounges outdoors.	A man sits outdoors.	1
A man wearing green shoes lounges outdoors.	A man sits indoors.	0
A young child learning how to swim.	A woman eats a sundae.	0
A young child learning how to swim.	A child learns to swim.	1
A man wearing cutoff jeans and green sneakers sits with one leg crossed across the other one.	A man is shoeless.	0
A man wearing cutoff jeans and green sneakers sits with one leg crossed across the other one.	A man is wearing shoes.	1
A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	a casually dressed man sits in the garden	1
A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	A man is outside.	1
A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	An individual sits drinking a beer in a garden.	1
A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	A man is wearing a button up	0
A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	The man is on a ladder hanging a sign.	0
A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	a man jumps from earth to the moon	0
A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	A woman is sitting and eating cake in a garden.	0
A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	two men sip wine together	0
A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	a beer is held by a man in casual attire	1
A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.	A man is wearing a tank top.	1
A man in shorts in a lawn chair sits surrounded with plants in a backyard.	There's a guy in a chair out in the yard.	1
A man in shorts in a lawn chair sits surrounded with plants in a backyard.	A man in pants is standing up.	0
A man in denim shorts and green shoes is sitting and relaxing in a lawn chair.	A man wears jean boxer briefs.	0
A man in denim shorts and green shoes is sitting and relaxing in a lawn chair.	A man wears jean shorts.	1
Woman with blue gloves and floral shirt handling a large ceramic bowl in a ceramic shop.	The woman is holding a ceramic bowl.	1
Woman with blue gloves and floral shirt handling a large ceramic bowl in a ceramic shop.	The woman is wearing a plain, green shirt.	0
A little girl smiles as she slides down a tube on a sunny day.	A little girl slides down a tube.	1
A little girl smiles as she slides down a tube on a sunny day.	A little girl is crying as she slides down a tube.	0
Two dogs chase another dog that has a ball.	3 dogs are sitting in a dog shelter hoping someone will adopt them and play ball with them.	0
Two dogs chase another dog that has a ball.	The dogs all want the same ball.	1
A man wearing glasses is singing into a microphone.	A man sings into microphone	1
A man wearing glasses is singing into a microphone.	A man is dancing without a microphone	0
A bride and groom share a kiss.	A bride and a groom kiss.	1
A bride and groom share a kiss.	A bride in a groom don't share a kiss.	0
A man in a blue shirt walking down the street.	A man is walking outside.	1
A man in a blue shirt walking down the street.	A man is walking around inside his house.	0
Fans are cheering at a performance.	The fans are driving.	0
Fans are cheering at a performance.	The performance has gotten the fans cheering.	1
Three soldiers are having a discussion in front of a playground, while others look on.	The soldiers are silent/	0
Three soldiers are having a discussion in front of a playground, while others look on.	The soldiers are having a discussion outdoors while others look.	1
A blond child is drinking from a garden hose.	The redhead is drinking from the garden hose.	0
A blond child is drinking from a garden hose.	The kid is using a garden hose for drinking.	1
Several armed forces officers and civilians are standing around a children's playground.	Armed forces officers balance their guns on childrens heads at a playground.	0
Several armed forces officers and civilians are standing around a children's playground.	Armed forces officers stand around a playground.	1
US troops keeping calm in a no fly zone at one of the crucial points in Tripoli, Libya.	A group of troops are laughing and talking.	0
US troops keeping calm in a no fly zone at one of the crucial points in Tripoli, Libya.	A group of troops are attempting to stay quiet .	1
Military men are conversing near a playground.	they are in the military	1
Military men are conversing near a playground.	they are on mars	0
A young girl wearing Mardi Gras beads and a green dress is accompanied by two boys, one on foot and one on a bicycle, as she walks down a dirt road.	The young children go shopping.	0
A young girl wearing Mardi Gras beads and a green dress is accompanied by two boys, one on foot and one on a bicycle, as she walks down a dirt road.	A young girl and two boys travel down a dirt road.	1
A group of boys enjoying a day by down the creek.	Some people enjoying the day by the farmhouse.	0
A group of boys enjoying a day by down the creek.	Some people down near a creek.	1
Five boys standing a one boy sitting by the lake.	girls are gossiping	0
Five boys standing a one boy sitting by the lake.	boys stand next to another boy sitting by the water	1
Five young boys observe remote control boat in water.	Five young boys are near water.	1
Five young boys observe remote control boat in water.	Five young boys are in a boat on the water.	0
Group of asian boy on the right of the long table of vegetables and food and asian adults on the left.	There are many Asians at the table.	1
Group of asian boy on the right of the long table of vegetables and food and asian adults on the left.	The group of Asians are playing a round of golf.	0
Boy jumping in the air with a girl on the couch punching towards him.	Nobody has their fist clenched.	0
Boy jumping in the air with a girl on the couch punching towards him.	Someone is jumping.	1
three young african children in a poor part of africa one riding a bike.	Three children are outside.	1
three young african children in a poor part of africa one riding a bike.	Three children are swimming in a river.	0
A child in a green shirt rides a bicycle.	The bicycle is moving.	1
A child in a green shirt rides a bicycle.	The child is wearing a red shirt.	0
An African American base player wearing a blue shirt, being backed up by a drummer.	A caucasian base player is wearing a gray shirt.	0
An African American base player wearing a blue shirt, being backed up by a drummer.	A drummer is backing up a base player.	1
A boat captain steering a large green wheel.	A man is steering a car.	0
A boat captain steering a large green wheel.	A guy is at the green helm of a boat.	1
Pictured is the captain of a boat; he is steering.	the man is working a tractor	0
Pictured is the captain of a boat; he is steering.	the man is on a boat	1
An older man in nautical gear smilingly turns a ship wheel.	A man standing beside a boat.	0
An older man in nautical gear smilingly turns a ship wheel.	A ship wheel is manned by a well-equipped older man.	1
The smiling ship captain is holding the wheel of his wooden ship.	The ship captain has abandon his ship.	0
The smiling ship captain is holding the wheel of his wooden ship.	The ship captain is holding the sterring wheel.	1
A large, green, navigating wheel is held by an older man in a captain's hat and uniform.	Older man wearing an outfit	1
A large, green, navigating wheel is held by an older man in a captain's hat and uniform.	Older man having a pool party	0
Three firefighters enraged after a prank call.	Three firefighters are about to start shooting a themed porno.	0
Three firefighters enraged after a prank call.	Three people are angry.	1
Two brothers take a nap on a gray couch.	The brothers are racing towards home.	0
Two brothers take a nap on a gray couch.	The brothers are napping on the couch.	1
A man with hairy arms and a watch pours creamer into a cup of coffee, making color ripples along the surface.	a man makes coffee	1
A man with hairy arms and a watch pours creamer into a cup of coffee, making color ripples along the surface.	the man is making soup	0
A man in camouflage pants and a backwards cap carrying a toolbox and a backpack.	Nobody has clothing.	0
A man in camouflage pants and a backwards cap carrying a toolbox and a backpack.	A person has clothing.	1
A woman with brown hair, wearing sunglasses asking a asian gentleman for directions.	The woman is speaking to the man.	1
A woman with brown hair, wearing sunglasses asking a asian gentleman for directions.	A woman challenges her karate instructor to a fight.	0
Female street entertainer with horns doing a curtsey.	The woman is inside taking a bath.	0
Female street entertainer with horns doing a curtsey.	The woman is on the street.	1
Little girl in pink coat on a swing.	Little girl swinging.	1
Little girl in pink coat on a swing.	Little girl napping on the chair.	0
People under a tent at a reception.	Two bears are climbing a tree.	0
People under a tent at a reception.	People are outside.	1
A formal band performing their works.	The band is eating dinner.	0
A formal band performing their works.	The band is playing music.	1
Several stall-shops selling various goods line a dimly-lit cobblestone street.	Stalls on a cobblestone street are selling goods.	1
Several stall-shops selling various goods line a dimly-lit cobblestone street.	People are shopping in the mall.	0
A cowboy riding on the back of a bronco in a competition.	the horse was running	1
A cowboy riding on the back of a bronco in a competition.	the cowboy rode the sheep	0
three chinese people eat soup.	The women are eating pizza.	0
three chinese people eat soup.	The people are eating soup.	1
A woman in orange sunglasses jogs.	The woman walks around the track.	0
A woman in orange sunglasses jogs.	A person is jogging.	1
Two women and a man are sitting at a round table.	three people sitting at a round table	1
Two women and a man are sitting at a round table.	the people are plotting an assassination	0
a family deciding what to other at a restaurant	A family looks over a menu at a restaurant	1
a family deciding what to other at a restaurant	A family at home orders a delivery pizza	0
Three people sit and talk about the menu at a chinese restaurant.	A puppy is sitting.	0
Three people sit and talk about the menu at a chinese restaurant.	People are conversing.	1
The Chines people are doing something.	The Chinese people are busy with something.	1
The Chines people are doing something.	The Chinese poeple arent doing anything.	0
Pedestrians stop to watch a man create a mural on a wall at the side of a street.	people are watching a man create a clay sculpture.	0
Pedestrians stop to watch a man create a mural on a wall at the side of a street.	people are watching a man create a mural.	1
An older man with glasses clasps his hands together as two seated individuals watch him.	Two men are playing basketball while a man is clasping his hands.	0
An older man with glasses clasps his hands together as two seated individuals watch him.	There are three people there.	1
A woman with beads around her neck is performing a dance as part of a parade.	The woman is sitting down with family.	0
A woman with beads around her neck is performing a dance as part of a parade.	The woman is performing in the parade.	1
A person painting a mural on the side of a building while people are standing around watching.	The painter is sleeping near his easle.	0
A person painting a mural on the side of a building while people are standing around watching.	People watch as a person paints the side of a building.	1
A crowd of people underneath a Hi-Pointe neon sign.	A crowd of people standing on the summit of a mountain.	0
A crowd of people underneath a Hi-Pointe neon sign.	A crowd of people stand under a sign.	1
A crowd of young adults outside a nightclub.	The people are outside a pool	0
A crowd of young adults outside a nightclub.	The adults are outside	1
A small white car is stuck on the track, while the train car that hit it at a slow speed, sits still, as a rescue worker helps the driver.	The car is near a train.	1
A small white car is stuck on the track, while the train car that hit it at a slow speed, sits still, as a rescue worker helps the driver.	The small car is blue.	0
A male is looking at different colored yarn wearing a white shirt.	The man is wearing a white shirt	1
A male is looking at different colored yarn wearing a white shirt.	The man is an armadillo	0
A young man and an older man sit on a plaid loveseat.	A young man and an older man play street hockey.	0
A young man and an older man sit on a plaid loveseat.	Two men are sitting.	1
A man plays the piano, while a second man plays a guitar and a third man plays the saxophone.	Three men are in a garage working under the hood of an old car.	0
A man plays the piano, while a second man plays a guitar and a third man plays the saxophone.	Three men are playing musical instruments.	1
Three men work at a construction site.	A guy taking a nap	0
Three men work at a construction site.	Three construction workers working at a site	1
A painting of a man drinking from a bottle on the side of a building.	A man is not indoors	1
A painting of a man drinking from a bottle on the side of a building.	A woman is sitting in her living room sipping on champagne	0
Three construction men on a beam working with high rises in the background.	Three construction men are taking a lunch break.	0
Three construction men on a beam working with high rises in the background.	A building is being worked on.	1
A man performing dangerous construction work.	A person is working.	1
A man performing dangerous construction work.	A construction worker is at lunch.	0
Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	Two men do construction work.	1
Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	Two men drink wine and watch the opera.	0
Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	Two men are working outdoors	1
Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	Two guys are doing construction work	1
Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	These two men are security guards	0
Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	A couple of workers are are doing construction.	1
Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	The two men are working on a job.	1
Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	The construction workers are taking a shower.	0
Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	A few miners are working on extracting ore from the earth.	0
Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.	Two men are on break at a restaurant	0
Workers on a platform work together to carry an item with skyscrapers in the background.	Workers on a platform work to carry an item with tall buildings in the background	1
Workers on a platform work together to carry an item with skyscrapers in the background.	Workers on a platform work to clean windows by the ocean.	0
Three older men playing live music in a grand hall.	A trio of jazz muscicians performing at a nightclub.	0
Three older men playing live music in a grand hall.	A trio of older gentlemen performing in a musical concert.	1
Two children perform a karate move on a red mat.	The children are watching a karate movie on the floor.	0
Two children perform a karate move on a red mat.	The two kids are physically active.	1
Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	A man is rapping at a hip hop show	0
Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	The man is naked in the shower by himself.	0
Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	A man is singing	1
Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	a man sings into a mic	1
Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	The man is near the microphone.	1
Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	Donkey drive a bus into a herd of waffles	0
Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	A white man has black hair.	1
Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	A white man has white hair.	0
Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	Young boy performs folk song for a crowd	1
Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.	a man plays madden on xbox	0
A man wearing a white shirt with black dot is holding a microphone as he stands in front of a background of black with white symbols on it.	A man holds a microphone.	1
A man wearing a white shirt with black dot is holding a microphone as he stands in front of a background of black with white symbols on it.	A woman is painting.	0
Two dogs are walking on a rugged path, one with a blue rope tied to a red object in its mouth.	Dogs are walking outside	1
Two dogs are walking on a rugged path, one with a blue rope tied to a red object in its mouth.	Dogs eating birds	0
A young man in a white polka dot shirt is singing into a microphone.	A young man is singing.	1
A young man in a white polka dot shirt is singing into a microphone.	A young man is making a speech.	0
Man singing on stage at a performance.	the cat eats sheep	0
Man singing on stage at a performance.	the guy sings	1
Two dogs walking through nature.	A man mows the lawn.	0
Two dogs walking through nature.	Dogs outside.	1
A man in a brown coat standing on a porch	A human standing	1
A man in a brown coat standing on a porch	Nobody is standing	0
three ladies posing for the camera	some women standing in a park	0
three ladies posing for the camera	Ladies are posing  for the camera	1
An old lady standing on a porch looking off in the distance	A woman is staring off at something.	1
An old lady standing on a porch looking off in the distance	A woman is sitting in her rocking chair knitting a hat.	0
The lady on the porch is wearing a brown jacket.	A man is wearing a sun hat in the backyard.	0
The lady on the porch is wearing a brown jacket.	A woman is wearing a heavy coat,standing on the patio.	1
a elderly woman in a tan jacket is standing by the door of a wooden house carrying a green and beige bag.	The woman is wearing a tan jacket.	1
a elderly woman in a tan jacket is standing by the door of a wooden house carrying a green and beige bag.	The woman is wearing a black jacket.	0
A man in a brown jacket standing in front of an open porch door.	A man is standing in front of the porch door.	1
A man in a brown jacket standing in front of an open porch door.	The man is sitting down.	0
Many people are dunking to support Special Olympics.	Several people are in close proximity to each other.	1
Many people are dunking to support Special Olympics.	Several people are getting their heads shaved to benefit charity.	0
fully clothed adults splash each other as they play in water.	The adults are naked.	0
fully clothed adults splash each other as they play in water.	Adults play in water.	1
A man in a pink shirt stands next to a man in orange.	The woman is wearing a pink and orange dress.	0
A man in a pink shirt stands next to a man in orange.	The person in orange is standing next to a person wearing pink.	1
Three men stand around in bright solid colored shirts and colorful hats.	The three people are in bright colored clothes.	1
Three men stand around in bright solid colored shirts and colorful hats.	The three men are wearing to much dark clothes.	0
Three smiling men in brightly-colored shirts.	Three men are smiling together.	1
Three smiling men in brightly-colored shirts.	Three men are at a concert with black hoodies.	0
Many people playing and splashing in a fountain.	Many people are playing outside.	1
Many people playing and splashing in a fountain.	Many people are arguing.	0
People wearing life jackets jumping into or looking at the river.	People are near water.	1
People wearing life jackets jumping into or looking at the river.	People are standing on the beach.	0
A line of basketball players doing a drill.	players doing a drill	1
A line of basketball players doing a drill.	the people are flying a plane	0
some young men playing basketball	Some young men are playing baseball.	0
some young men playing basketball	Basketball is being played.	1
A girl in a life jacket is swimming while others watch from the rocks.	A girl swimming alone.	1
A girl in a life jacket is swimming while others watch from the rocks.	A girl playing softball, alone.	0
A group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball.	they are playing basketball	1
A group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball.	The men are in the gym	1
A group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball.	They are outside	0
A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster.	A man is cooking for a customer.	0
A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster.	A man smokes outside.	1
Women of all ages and backgrounds practice yoga in an indoor studio.	The woman are doing yoga	1
Women of all ages and backgrounds practice yoga in an indoor studio.	They are all young	0
A happy toddler is carrying a notebook.	The toddler is happy.	1
A happy toddler is carrying a notebook.	A happy toddler is playing with her blocks.	0
A man plays a keyboard and sings.	A boy skips down the street.	0
A man plays a keyboard and sings.	A man performs a song.	1
A blond headed toddler walking with a red piece of paper in hand.	A toddler is walking.	1
A blond headed toddler walking with a red piece of paper in hand.	An adult is walking with a red piece of paper in hand.	0
A woman plays a synthesizer in a dark room.	The synthesizer is shaped like a tennis racket.	0
A woman plays a synthesizer in a dark room.	The synthesizer is making noise.	1
A little boy is running down the aisle clutching a book.	Jessica bought a new book.	0
A little boy is running down the aisle clutching a book.	Billy was running with his book clutched next to him.	1
Little boy happily holds red booklet near rows of folding-chairs.	A little boy stands by folding chairs holding a red book.	1
Little boy happily holds red booklet near rows of folding-chairs.	A girl holds a candle by a stage.	0
A flight attendant is demonstrating safety devices.	A flight attendant is putting on a show	1
A flight attendant is demonstrating safety devices.	A worker is on the plane	0
A stewardess reviews safety procedures on a plane.	The woman is on a boat.	0
A stewardess reviews safety procedures on a plane.	A stewardess is on a plane.	1
A flight attendant showing passengers how to use the airplane safety vest.	 A flight attendant showing passengers something.	1
A flight attendant showing passengers how to use the airplane safety vest.	A carpenter at work.	0
An elderly woman and another younger woman greeting each other.	An elderly alien and another younger alien	0
An elderly woman and another younger woman greeting each other.	An elderly woman and another younger woman	1
Woman on airplane models a flotation device.	The woman is demonstrating a floatation device on a boat.	0
Woman on airplane models a flotation device.	The woman is inside an airplane.	1
Two asian females go walking.	Two Asian women walk.	1
Two asian females go walking.	Two people are walking.	1
Two asian females go walking.	Two caucasians are walking	0
Two asian females go walking.	The females are mountain climbing.	0
Two asian females go walking.	Two Asian women sit at a table.	0
Two asian females go walking.	Two ladies are tending their gardens.	0
Two asian females go walking.	Two men are hiking.	0
Two asian females go walking.	Two asian females are taking a stroll together	1
Two asian females go walking.	Ladies are walking.	1
Two asian females go walking.	The females are moving their legs.	1
Two young women walking.	The ladies are sitting in the kitchen.	0
Two young women walking.	The two young women are walking somewhere.	1
Two young women walking.	Two women are running together.	0
Two young women walking.	One man jogging outside.	0
Two young women walking.	A man and a women are walking together.	0
Two young women walking.	Ladies are walking.	1
Two young women walking.	A pair of young looking females walking.	1
Two young women walking.	Two girls are walking together.	1
Two young women walking.	The two young women are sitting on a bench.	0
Two young women walking.	Two women on a walk outside.	1
Two young women walk past a door in a white wall.	Two friends are walking down the street	1
Two young women walk past a door in a white wall.	Friends are sleeping in the street	0
Two women walking.	There are two people walking.	1
Two women walking.	There are four people jogging.	0
A man is playing guitar and wearing sunglasses.	A man is playing guitar.	1
A man is playing guitar and wearing sunglasses.	A man is smashing his guitar.	0
A man wearing sunglasses is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the guitar.	1
A man wearing sunglasses is playing the guitar.	The man is playing the flute.	0
A man wearing sunglasses playing an acoustic guitar.	A man playing an accordion for a crowd.	0
A man wearing sunglasses playing an acoustic guitar.	A man standing outside.	1
A woman window shops outside of a Louis Vuitton store.	The woman is standing outside the Dior store.	0
A woman window shops outside of a Louis Vuitton store.	The woman is standing outside the shop's window.	1
A man with sunglasses is playing the guitar.	A musician plays a song.	1
A man with sunglasses is playing the guitar.	The guitarist smashes his guitar at the end of the set.	0
Two girls hold up their younger sister.	Two girls hold up their younger sister as a sacrifice to the Gods.	0
Two girls hold up their younger sister.	Two girls are holding up their little sister.	1
A motocross biker about to descend	A biker about to descend.	1
A motocross biker about to descend	A biker waits for his turn to race.	0
A man and a woman with a head covering are on a bridge looking at the water and a boat.	children are in a queue.	0
A man and a woman with a head covering are on a bridge looking at the water and a boat.	A man and a woman are looking at a boat.	1
Two girls holding another girl wearing a yellow top in a room with tan carpet.	Two girls order a pizza from an older woman.	0
Two girls holding another girl wearing a yellow top in a room with tan carpet.	Females holding another female in a room.	1
A person rappels down a steep incline.	a person sits on the couch eating cheetos	0
A person rappels down a steep incline.	a person is rappelling	1
The motorcyclist has reached the summit.	A person rides a motorcycle.	1
The motorcyclist has reached the summit.	A person drives a car.	0
Two girls lift a third girl.	Two girls are watching a third girl being lifted by a couple boys.	0
Two girls lift a third girl.	A guy uses a hose to water his bush.	0
Two girls lift a third girl.	Three girls are sitting on the grass eating ice cream	0
Two girls lift a third girl.	Two girls are lifting somebody	1
Two girls lift a third girl.	Two girls are picking up another girl	1
Two girls lift a third girl.	Two girls beat up a younger girl.	0
Two girls lift a third girl.	A wooden door has a hole in it.	0
Two girls lift a third girl.	Three girls are playing together.	1
Two girls lift a third girl.	People lift each other.	1
Two girls lift a third girl.	Three girls are doing something.	1
A brown dog runs on brown grass.	A dog running on grass.	1
A brown dog runs on brown grass.	An old dog running on bright green grass.	0
The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area.	The dog is playing in a field.	1
The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area.	The dog is sleeping on the bed.	0
A brown dog is running and looking up at the sky.	A brown dog lays under a tree.	0
A brown dog is running and looking up at the sky.	A brown dog runs while looking at the sky.	1
A golden colored dug prances in the grass.	A dog is in the grass.	1
A golden colored dug prances in the grass.	A dog is napping outside.	0
The brown dog is playing outdoors.	An animal is outside.	1
The brown dog is playing outdoors.	The brown dog is eating in the kitchen.	0
Asian man shooting a gun in between rocks.	Asian man shooting a gun.	1
Asian man shooting a gun in between rocks.	The man is using a bow and arrow.	0
An Asian man, crouching on a stone wall in the mountains aiming a rifle.	The man is holding a sword.	0
An Asian man, crouching on a stone wall in the mountains aiming a rifle.	The man aims his gun.	1
A man on a hilltop is crouched and holding a gun.	The man is swinging on a tire swing	0
A man on a hilltop is crouched and holding a gun.	A man has a gun	1
Two young boys are playing with two toddler girls.	Two boys are making themselves breakfast.	0
Two young boys are playing with two toddler girls.	Four kids are playing a game together.	1
An Asian man in a jacket, glasses, and sandals is at a high altitude aiming a gun.	An Asian man gets ready to shoot a gun.	1
An Asian man in a jacket, glasses, and sandals is at a high altitude aiming a gun.	An Asian man is surfing.	0
A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	A naked man is standing in the bathroom.	0
A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	A man goes to the bathroom on some coffee.	0
A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	a man is throwing rocks	0
A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	A man stands in a bathroom with a coffee cup.	1
A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	a man drinks in the bathroom	1
A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	There is someone in the bathroom.	1
A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	A man is indoors.	1
A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	A man is running.	0
A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	A man is wearing a hat on his head.	1
A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.	The man is wearing a blue jacket.	0
A woman walking down the side of a highway.	The woman walks down the road.	1
A woman walking down the side of a highway.	The man is walking down the highway.	0
A woman is walking down the middle of the road carrying a bottle.	A woman is running outside	0
A woman is walking down the middle of the road carrying a bottle.	A woman is walking outside	1
A woman in a short skirt holds a plastic bottle as she walks down a street with auto and pedestrian traffic.	The woman is inside buying a card.	0
A woman in a short skirt holds a plastic bottle as she walks down a street with auto and pedestrian traffic.	The woman in a short skit is holding a bottle and walking outdoors.	1
A woman wearing a jean skirt walks down a city street.	A female walks down an urban street.	1
A woman wearing a jean skirt walks down a city street.	A man in jeans runs through a park.	0
A woman walking parallel to a yellow line against traffic.	A woman is flying through the sky.	0
A woman walking parallel to a yellow line against traffic.	A person is walking along the side of the road.	1
Fellows writing on the back of a friend with black markers.	People are bullying a kid by writing cruel things on his back with permanant marker.	0
Fellows writing on the back of a friend with black markers.	There are people writing on someone's back.	1
A couple dressed in hoodies kissing on the beach.	they are not at a beach	0
A couple dressed in hoodies kissing on the beach.	there is a couple	1
A man holds up a fish he just caught.	The man was using a sword to catch fish with.	0
A man holds up a fish he just caught.	He found a great place to fish.	1
A woman in a green t-shirt speaks into a microphone.	There is a woman in a green t-shirt.	1
A woman in a green t-shirt speaks into a microphone.	A man in green shorts speaks into a microphone.	0
A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	The girl is not at the head of the pack of people.	1
A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	Girl walking down road	1
A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	guys in group	0
A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	A girl rides her bike on the sidewalk	0
A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	A little girl walking outdoors.	1
A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	A girl is riding a bicycle down a grassy hill.	0
A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	The little girl is riding a bike.	0
A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	A girl is on a dirt road.	1
A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	A small girl is following people walking down a dirt road.	1
A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.	A little girl lying down, watching television.	0
A bunch of travelers stand around.	A group of people are corded together.	1
A bunch of travelers stand around.	There is one person outside.	0
A young adult wearing jeans and a camouflage t-shirt playing a black electric guitar.	The musician wears a frilly dress.	0
A young adult wearing jeans and a camouflage t-shirt playing a black electric guitar.	The guitar player weras black and camo clothing.	1
There is an Asian woman in a black suit who is standing around and waiting at an airport.	A woman is knitting a hat for a baby.	0
There is an Asian woman in a black suit who is standing around and waiting at an airport.	A woman is waiting at the airport.	1
A woman of Asian looking descent in a black outfit standing in the airport baggage area.	A woman waiting at the airport baggage claim	1
A woman of Asian looking descent in a black outfit standing in the airport baggage area.	A woman walking three dogs in the park	0
People are waiting with their luggage at an airport check-in.	People are waiting to check in for their flights.	1
People are waiting with their luggage at an airport check-in.	A couple nearly misses their cruise departure due to traffic.	0
People in a airport with luggage waiting on something.	The people are at home sleeping.	0
People in a airport with luggage waiting on something.	The people are indoors waiting.	1
A kid does a tumbling move over a leaf-covered lawn near sundown.	a young woman does a tumbling move	0
A kid does a tumbling move over a leaf-covered lawn near sundown.	a kid does a tumbling move	1
A band performs on a stage.	A band performs.	1
A band performs on a stage.	A band take a break in the green room.	0
A woman in a black shirt walking down the street	A young man in a red shirt is riding a skateboard down thew street.	0
A woman in a black shirt walking down the street	There is a woman wearing a back shirt walking in the street.	1
A man with a blue and white trucker style hat with a logo is wearing glasses in front of a man with a yellow shirt.	a man wairs a blue hat and glasses	1
A man with a blue and white trucker style hat with a logo is wearing glasses in front of a man with a yellow shirt.	they are driving	0
A man in a t-shirt, glasses and a National Bohemian Beer cap is looking to his right and smiling.	a man is smiling	1
A man in a t-shirt, glasses and a National Bohemian Beer cap is looking to his right and smiling.	a man is happily wearing his beer cap outside	0
A woman in pink is singing on stage next to three guitar players.	A woman is singing.	1
A woman in pink is singing on stage next to three guitar players.	The woman is not a good singer.	0
A woman in a black-shirt is walking holding a silver cellphone.	a woman is walking	1
A woman in a black-shirt is walking holding a silver cellphone.	a man is walking	0
A group of people are at an aquarium to view marine life.	A group of people are looking at Zebras at the zoo.	0
A group of people are at an aquarium to view marine life.	A group are viewing all the different types of fish at the aquarium.	1
A young women smiling and a young man smirking in front of a speaker.	Two young people arguing.	0
A young women smiling and a young man smirking in front of a speaker.	Two people enjoying each others company.	1
A man is doing his laundry.	A young man is eating lunch.	0
A man is doing his laundry.	A man does his laundry.	1
A person stands in the middle of traffic.	A person is sitting in the the middle of nowhere.	0
A person stands in the middle of traffic.	A person is standing in the public.	1
A man dressed in a red shirt sits watching his laundry being washed.	The man is riding a bicycle.	0
A man dressed in a red shirt sits watching his laundry being washed.	A man in indoors.	1
Man sits and watches five washing machines.	A man watches the only machine in the room.	0
Man sits and watches five washing machines.	There is a person watching machines designed to clean laundry.	1
People looking at fish at an aquarium.	Some people are watching fish in an aquarium.	1
People looking at fish at an aquarium.	A group of people is observing aquatic life.	1
People looking at fish at an aquarium.	The group of people have reached the top of the Eiffel Tower.	0
People looking at fish at an aquarium.	The people are eating fish.	0
People looking at fish at an aquarium.	People are gathered around a dinosaur exhibit at a museum.	0
People looking at fish at an aquarium.	People are gazing upon fish in an aquarium.	1
People looking at fish at an aquarium.	People are looking at fish in the ocean on a beach.	0
People looking at fish at an aquarium.	People looking at turtles.	0
People looking at fish at an aquarium.	People looking at fish.	1
People looking at fish at an aquarium.	There are people at an aquarium looking at fish.	1
A man sitting at the public laundromat waiting for his clothes to finish drying.	Nobody is sitting.	0
A man sitting at the public laundromat waiting for his clothes to finish drying.	A human sitting.	1
A woman swimming with two children in blue life vests	The life vests are brown.	0
A woman swimming with two children in blue life vests	People are in the water.	1
A woman and two children who are wearing blue life vests are swimming.	These people are dry and warm.	0
A woman and two children who are wearing blue life vests are swimming.	The people have matching life vests	1
A woman and two children are swimming in water.	There is water.	1
A woman and two children are swimming in water.	There are no children.	0
The mother with two son are swimming in the sea.	two boys are swimming while the mom is tanning on the beach	0
The mother with two son are swimming in the sea.	the mother and sons are swimming	1
A woman and kids swimming in a lake.	A woman is making cookies for the kids.	0
A woman and kids swimming in a lake.	A woman in kids are outside playing in water.	1
Some girls are dressed in zombie makeup.	Girls wearing zombie makeup.	1
Some girls are dressed in zombie makeup.	These are zombies.	0
Four guys in striped shirts playing music instruments in a restaurant.	A group of ladies is hunting an elephant.	0
Four guys in striped shirts playing music instruments in a restaurant.	A band is playing songs indoors.	1
A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	There is a young girl.	1
A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	The woman and her grandson enjoy their day out by themselves.	0
A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	A man wearing a cape gives a boy a baseball.	0
A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	The woman shared her candy with the child.	1
A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	The woman is not selfish with the young girl.	1
A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	A woman is giving a girl some treats.	1
A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	A woman eats with a toddler.	1
A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	A father eats breakfast with a teenage boy.	0
A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	The woman is sharing the fruit with the toddler.	0
A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.	There is no woman.	0
Woman in red shirt and sunglasses gives candy to her daughter who is wearing a crown.	A woman in a red shirt gives her daughter her backpack for school.	0
Woman in red shirt and sunglasses gives candy to her daughter who is wearing a crown.	A woman gives candy to a girl.	1
A woman holds a plate of goodies for her little princess.	Woman with plate of goodies for her little princess	1
A woman holds a plate of goodies for her little princess.	Woman holds a book for her husband	0
A little girl with a tiara eating in someones lap.	The girl was drinking a soda next to a fountain.	0
A little girl with a tiara eating in someones lap.	The girl was in her mothers lap eating dinner after she won a tiara in the contest.	1
a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	The man gives his son an icecream cone.	0
a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	The lady weighs over 100 pounds.	1
a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	The woman is hang gliding above the trees.	0
a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	The lady is playing in a cricket tournament.	0
a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	A fat lady feeding a girl.	1
a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	Two people at a mealtime.	1
a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	The lady is skinny.	0
a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	A fat lady feeding a dog.	0
a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	A woman is feeding her young child.	1
a fat lady feeding her young daughter.	There are two women.	1
A woman taking a picture.	The woman is taking a photo.	1
A woman taking a picture.	The tourist is buying souvenirs of her trip.	0
A woman in sunglasses taking a photograph	The woman is taking a photograph.	1
A woman in sunglasses taking a photograph	The woman is laying down.	0
A woman in a black dress and shades takes a photo.	a women in a black dress and glasses takes a photo	1
A woman in a black dress and shades takes a photo.	the women is sleeping	0
A lady wearing a black summer top and dark sunglasses is taking a photograph.	A man is recording a video.	0
A lady wearing a black summer top and dark sunglasses is taking a photograph.	A lady is taking a picture.	1
An oriental women with black sunglasses and a black shirt holding up a cellphone.	the asian woman in shades holds a phone	1
An oriental women with black sunglasses and a black shirt holding up a cellphone.	the dog eats legs	0
A man playing a saxaphone.	A man plays an instrument.	1
A man playing a saxaphone.	A man is drinking at a bar.	0
A boat is loaded with many barrels on its roof.	the boat has nothing on it	0
An African-American man wearing a purple shirt, white shoes and blue jeans is playing a saxophone while standing inside of a building which has many archways and a red and gray tiled floor.	A man is driving a car.	0
An African-American man wearing a purple shirt, white shoes and blue jeans is playing a saxophone while standing inside of a building which has many archways and a red and gray tiled floor.	A man is playing a saxophone in inside of a building	1
A ship filled with supplies is docked on the shore with several others in the background and several men in the foreground.	The ship is in the dock.	1
A ship filled with supplies is docked on the shore with several others in the background and several men in the foreground.	The ship has had all of its supplies removed.	0
A man playing his saxophone in a public area.	A man is playing a trumpet in a car.	0
A man playing his saxophone in a public area.	A man is playing a song on his instrument.	1
Local villagers are preparing for a fishing trip on this gorgeous fishing boat.	A school class visits the aquarium.	0
Local villagers are preparing for a fishing trip on this gorgeous fishing boat.	People are getting to go fishing on a boat.	1
Young woman with scrabble shoes and white rimmed sunglasses talks and smiles on cellphone while opening package.	A young woman is taking a nap in her bed.	0
Young woman with scrabble shoes and white rimmed sunglasses talks and smiles on cellphone while opening package.	A person is talking on their phone.	1
A woman with red-hair, a brown shirt, and a green bag is sitting down and talking on a phone.	The lady is having a conversation while not standing.	1
A woman with red-hair, a brown shirt, and a green bag is sitting down and talking on a phone.	The girl is walking in the grocery store silently.	0
A woman with red-hair talks on her cellphone while sitting down.	A woman is laying down and typing on her computer.	0
A woman with red-hair talks on her cellphone while sitting down.	A woman is sitting and talking on her cellphone.	1
A woman talks on her cellphone while standing near a brick wall.	A woman is on her cellphone.	1
A woman talks on her cellphone while standing near a brick wall.	An alien is on her cellphone.	0
Bishop making the cross with ashes on a man's forehead	the man had a ash on his forehead	1
Bishop making the cross with ashes on a man's forehead	the bishop talked to the woman while putting a cross on her cheek	0
A priest rubs a cross on a man's forehead.	two men are skydiving	0
A priest rubs a cross on a man's forehead.	a priest rubs a man with his "cross."	1
A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	Two men are playing tennis.	0
A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	Two men are near each other.	1
A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	Two women hug as they celebrate graduating	0
A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	A priest is meditating alone on his beliefs.	0
A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	The man in the robe has no arms.	0
A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	There are two men next to each other	1
A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	A man is standing by himself.	0
A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	A man wearing a white robe places his hand on the other man's forehead.	1
A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	A person is touching someone's face.	1
A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.	Two people are touching each other.	1
A group of people looking around in a dirt or stone shaded area.	A girl is building a sandcastle.	0
A group of people looking around in a dirt or stone shaded area.	People are looking around the dirt.	1
A small group of adults and children are standing on a dirt trail on a hill.	The group of people are standing.	1
A small group of adults and children are standing on a dirt trail on a hill.	The group of dogs are standing on the dirt.	0
A group of people going for a hike.	A group of people are hiking.	1
A group of people going for a hike.	A group of people dance in the woods.	0
A group of tourists are exploring the sight.	The People are not from here.	1
A group of tourists are exploring the sight.	The people live next to the sight.	0
A group of people are on a canyon.	People are on a canyon.	1
A group of people are on a canyon.	People are on a hill.	0
Three women enjoying a balloon joyride.	Three women are enjoying a plane ride through the air.	0
Three women enjoying a balloon joyride.	Three women are on a balloon ride.	1
A group of people enjoying a hot air balloon ride.	Some people are in a hot are balloon	1
A group of people enjoying a hot air balloon ride.	A group of dogs are in a hot air balloon.	0
Tourists enjoying a hot air balloon type ride.	People are sitting in a balloon.	1
Tourists enjoying a hot air balloon type ride.	There is only one person in the balloon.	0
a group of people are enjoying their time on a carnival ride.	Humans enjoying.	1
a group of people are enjoying their time on a carnival ride.	Nobody is enjoying.	0
Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	People in a ride	1
Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Children on a balloon ride at a carnival.	1
Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Adults are playing poker	0
Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	The park was empty	0
Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Children are riding above the ground.	1
Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Children painting a balloon in the air.	0
Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Kids are on amusement park rides	1
Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Some kids are riding on a balloon ride at the amusement park.	1
Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	The children are riding the go-carts.	0
Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.	Only one child is on a balloon ride at the amusement park.	0
This person, seated on a type of go-cart, is riding downhill.	A bicyclist is riding uphill.	0
This person, seated on a type of go-cart, is riding downhill.	A go-cart picks up speed on the decline.	1
a young person riding a small wagon down a hill.	A young person is outside.	1
a young person riding a small wagon down a hill.	A young person is on the swingset.	0
A man is standing in front of a motor-scooter holding up a picture.	A man sitting at the back of scooter	0
A man is standing in front of a motor-scooter holding up a picture.	A mans stands in front of a scooter and holds up a picture	1
a boy is riding a buggy down a woodland path.	The boy is playing in the snow.	0
a boy is riding a buggy down a woodland path.	The boy is on a path in the woods.	1
Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.	People stand with arms raised in the crowd.	1
Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.	Many people crossed their arms in the scarce crowd.	0
Girls are playing basketball.	There are girls performing a physical activity.	1
Girls are playing basketball.	The girls are sitting on a couch.	0
A canoe of children is floating in the water with one boy rowing.	a canoe is floating	1
A canoe of children is floating in the water with one boy rowing.	the canoe is sunken	0
A girl in a red dress is surrounded by a lot of other people holding their hands up.	A girl is surrounded by people.	1
A girl in a red dress is surrounded by a lot of other people holding their hands up.	People are at a casino playing slots.	0
A crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air.	The crowd is looking at the same thing.	1
A crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air.	There is a brawl happening.	0
Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.	there are people gathered	1
Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.	there is nobody there	0
The girl in the red dress is raising her hand amidst a group of people.	A dog is eating kibble in the kitchen	0
The girl in the red dress is raising her hand amidst a group of people.	A young girl in a red dress is in a crowd of people	1
People standing in front of a big wall with graffiti painted on it.	A big wall with graffiti on it.	1
People standing in front of a big wall with graffiti painted on it.	A big wall with no graffiti on it.	0
Three people in red shirts wait for a bus next to a wall with graffiti on it.	The people are wearing yellow shirts.	0
Three people in red shirts wait for a bus next to a wall with graffiti on it.	There are three people wearing shirts.	1
Three people dressed in red and black stand on a sidewalk in front of a beige wall adorned in graffiti.	The 3 people are sitting on a red and black blanket in the country eating fried chicken.	0
Three people dressed in red and black stand on a sidewalk in front of a beige wall adorned in graffiti.	There are 3 people outside.	1
Here is a picture of locals hanging out in front of a store, talking on the phone and making sure their graffiti sign does n't get tagged.	The locals are inside eating dinner.	0
Here is a picture of locals hanging out in front of a store, talking on the phone and making sure their graffiti sign does n't get tagged.	The people have painted a sign with graffiti.	1
Three people standing next to a building that has graffiti on it.	People are outside.	1
Three people standing next to a building that has graffiti on it.	People are bowling.	0
Pitcher on mount, in red and white suite, pitching.	The pitcher wears blue and gold.	0
Pitcher on mount, in red and white suite, pitching.	A person is throwing a ball.	1
Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	A band plays music outside.	1
Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	The band is sitting inside a car.	0
Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	A band eats lunch and waits for the sun to go down.	0
Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	The concert got canceled	0
Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	A concert is outside.	1
Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	There are thousands of people watching them perform.	0
Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	The band are playing music.	1
Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	A large crowd gathers for a speech in a town hall.	0
Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	Several people are listening to a band.	1
Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.	A small crowd listens to a band outside.	1
Two young adults are enjoying time in the snow.	Two adults are in the snow.	1
Two young adults are enjoying time in the snow.	Two adults are sitting in the snow.	0
Bruce Springsteen is singing on stage.	Bruce Springsteen is on stage.	1
Bruce Springsteen is singing on stage.	Bruce Springsteen is in a house.	0
Bruce Springsteen sings a hit with a smile on stage.	An unknown person standing in a crowd.	0
Bruce Springsteen sings a hit with a smile on stage.	Bruce Springsteen performing.	1
A man is lying in snow laughing while a female is looking on.	The couple is in equador.	0
A man is lying in snow laughing while a female is looking on.	The man and the woman are having fun in a snowy day.	1
Bruce Springsteen, dressed in black, is holding a microphone and pointing to a crowd.	There is a man looking at a crowd not pointing	0
Bruce Springsteen, dressed in black, is holding a microphone and pointing to a crowd.	There is a man pointing to a crowd	1
A photo of a Volvo dealership at night with two people surrounded by orange cones.	A photo of a Volvo dealership has two people and orange cones.	1
A photo of a Volvo dealership at night with two people surrounded by orange cones.	The Volvo dealership is serving ice cream.	0
A man standing in the middle of traffic cones in front of a Volvo dealership.	A woman standing in the middle of traffic cones in front of a Honda dealership.	0
A man standing in the middle of traffic cones in front of a Volvo dealership.	Someone is standing in the middle of the traffic cones in front of a car dealership.	1
Two men stand in the middle of a square of traffic cones placed underneath a traffic signal in front of a Volvo dealership.	Two men stand in the middle of a square of traffic	1
Two men stand in the middle of a square of traffic cones placed underneath a traffic signal in front of a Volvo dealership.	Two men don't stand in the middle of a square of traffic	0
A man walks in a Volvo sales lot in the dark with only the Volvo sign illuminated.	A man is looking at Christmas trees.	0
A man walks in a Volvo sales lot in the dark with only the Volvo sign illuminated.	A man walks around a Volvo car lot at night.	1
A woman at a salon getting her nails done in a pink-like color.	The woman is inside a store.	1
A woman at a salon getting her nails done in a pink-like color.	The woman is digging in her flowerbed, getting rid of all the weeds.	0
A woman painting another woman's fingernails a bright purple.	A woman is giving another woman a pedicure.	0
A woman painting another woman's fingernails a bright purple.	A woman is giving another woman a manicure.	1
A woman with long black hair paints the nails of another person a deep maroon color.	A woman is painting another womans finger nails.	1
A woman with long black hair paints the nails of another person a deep maroon color.	A woman is getting a massage at a spa.	0
A lady wearing a green shirt with long hair is doing a purple manicure.	Someone is having their nails painted.	1
A lady wearing a green shirt with long hair is doing a purple manicure.	Only one person is getting a green manicure.	0
there are six dogs in the water	The pets are playing cards.	0
there are six dogs in the water	There are animal wading in the waters.	1
A group of dogs standing in a river.	The dogs are in the water.	1
A group of dogs standing in a river.	The dog bites the girl.	0
a large group of dogs walking in a body of water.	A large group of dogs are swimming in deep water.	0
a large group of dogs walking in a body of water.	Animals are walking around in some water.	1
The white dog is standing on its hind legs, looking over a ledge.	A white dog is laying on the rug.	0
The white dog is standing on its hind legs, looking over a ledge.	A white dog is peering over a ledge.	1
Dogs play in creek.	The dogs are at the vet office.	0
Dogs play in creek.	There are dogs playing in the water.	1
A boy in blue slides down a tan slide.	A girl in blue slides down a tan slide.	0
A boy in blue slides down a tan slide.	A person in blue slides down a tan slide.	1
A young boy in a blue jacket going down a slide.	There is a boy is playing.	1
A young boy in a blue jacket going down a slide.	A man is sent on a mission to outer space.	0
A boy wearing a blue shirt is going down a slide.	The boy is wearing clothes	1
A boy wearing a blue shirt is going down a slide.	The boy is wearing a green shirt	0
A dark-haired boy sits outside on a beige structure.	A dark-haired boy runs through the living room	0
A dark-haired boy sits outside on a beige structure.	A dark-haired boy is sitting on the outside of a beige structure.	1
A boy is going down the slide.	A boy is on a slide	1
A boy is going down the slide.	A boy is in a tent	0
A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field.	A gray dog running outdoors.	1
A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field.	A dog eating a piece of bacon.	0
People standing together under a "start" banner in the street.	people are sitting	0
People standing together under a "start" banner in the street.	people stand	1
A young boy jumps into the water.	The boy is outside.	1
A young boy jumps into the water.	The boy is playing in a sandbox.	0
Many guards are standing in front of the starting line of a race.	The guards are sleeping in a bell tower.	0
Many guards are standing in front of the starting line of a race.	The guards are standing at the starting line	1
A person walking on a path while using a cane.	A person riding a bike.	0
A person walking on a path while using a cane.	A person using a cane.	1
A baseball pitcher in a circle with a symbol to his right.	He is asking around for directions to the nearest restroom.	0
A baseball pitcher in a circle with a symbol to his right.	He is playing ball.	1
Two men in orange construction hats are guiding a cart full of brick stones.	Two men take bricks from a cobblestone road.	0
Two men in orange construction hats are guiding a cart full of brick stones.	Two men doing construction work.	1
A person in red sitting on a beach.	The person is wearing blue.	0
A person in red sitting on a beach.	The person is at the beach.	1
A man in red sits under the shade of a small tree on the beach.	Someone dressed in red is sitting on the beach.	1
A man in red sits under the shade of a small tree on the beach.	Someone wearing a red shirt, hides in the shade.	1
A man in red sits under the shade of a small tree on the beach.	A lady is laying on the beach.	0
The beach with a person in a red tank top sitting under a small tree.	A small tree has someone sitting beneath it.	1
The beach with a person in a red tank top sitting under a small tree.	The person in a red tank top is running down the beach.	0
A man wearing a red tank top and white hat is sitting on a towel at the beach.	Man sitting on the sand at the Mojave desert.	0
A man wearing a red tank top and white hat is sitting on a towel at the beach.	Man sitting on the beach.	1
People enjoying the sandy beach near the water with a funny looking tree on the beach.	people enjoying the beach	1
People enjoying the sandy beach near the water with a funny looking tree on the beach.	the people are flying a plane	0
A woman checks her cellphone while sitting at a table with another woman.	A woman is looking at her phone.	1
A woman checks her cellphone while sitting at a table with another woman.	A woman is writing a letter.	0
Craftsman hanging from a rope.	The Craftsman is sitting on the ground.	0
Craftsman hanging from a rope.	There is someone hanging from the rope.	1
The white dog brings a stick from the water.	A dog is carrying something.	1
The white dog brings a stick from the water.	A baby sleeps in his crib.	0
A man is hooked to a zipline and stepped off the platform	A man goes bungee jumping.	0
A man is hooked to a zipline and stepped off the platform	A man goes ziplining.	1
A man in black pants is wearing a yellow hard hat as he rides a zipline.	The man is wearing green pants.	0
A man in black pants is wearing a yellow hard hat as he rides a zipline.	The man is outside.	1
A woman wearing a yellow helmet is using a zipline.	There is a woman standing still	0
A woman wearing a yellow helmet is using a zipline.	There is a woman using a zipline.	1
A person hanging from a zip line with a yellow helmet.	A person on a surfboard with a yellow helmet.	0
A person hanging from a zip line with a yellow helmet.	A person using a zip line.	1
a little boy plays in the snow.	The boy is outside in winter	1
a little boy plays in the snow.	The boy is dressed in a t-shirt and shorts	0
A man pulling a heavy cart full of bricks.	A man pulling a cart full of grass seed.	0
A man pulling a heavy cart full of bricks.	A man pulling a cart.	1
Many people are clustered closely together, and several of them have alcohol.	A lot of people drinking.	1
Many people are clustered closely together, and several of them have alcohol.	A group of people at the library.	0
Guys and girls in a cramped place with drinks in hand.	There are only guys at a party	0
Guys and girls in a cramped place with drinks in hand.	There are guys and girls at a crowded party	1
A group of people are in a crowded place.	A group of people in a quiet alley.	0
A group of people are in a crowded place.	A group people in a busy area.	1
An aerial shot of a big crowd of people.	There is a picture of alligators	0
An aerial shot of a big crowd of people.	There is a large group outside	1
Several people, all wearing sunglasses, are captured jumping into the air and making funny poses on a sandy beach area near a log.	the people are flying a plane	0
Several people, all wearing sunglasses, are captured jumping into the air and making funny poses on a sandy beach area near a log.	people are wearing glasses	1
A man driving a cart with an advertisement asking you to place your ad on the back of his bike.	The man is riding his bike.	1
A man driving a cart with an advertisement asking you to place your ad on the back of his bike.	The man is riding an elephant.	0
Three friends hanging out mid jump on a beach.	The friends are hanging out in an apartment.	0
Three friends hanging out mid jump on a beach.	The friends are on the beach.	1
Three young men are jumping in the air during a picture on the beach.	Some men are outside at the beach.	1
Three young men are jumping in the air during a picture on the beach.	Three young women swim at the beach.	0
A sign proclaiming that there is ad space available.	The sign says no ad space is available	0
A sign proclaiming that there is ad space available.	A sign outside	1
A man and a woman standing on a bridge look across the water at a boat.	The man and woman look off in the distance.	1
A man and a woman standing on a bridge look across the water at a boat.	The man and woman are in the desert.	0
A man is very excited to add a tattoo to his collection.	The man has a couple of tattoos.	1
A man is very excited to add a tattoo to his collection.	This is the man's first tattoo ever.	0
A chef is preparing a dish in a large kitchen.	A man sleeps.	0
A chef is preparing a dish in a large kitchen.	A chef in a kitchen.	1
A man with a lot of tattoo's is getting another one.	A man is getting a tattoo.	1
A man with a lot of tattoo's is getting another one.	A man is getting a haircut.	0
Tattooed man getting a tattoo.	A tattooed man is getting his tattoos erased.	0
Tattooed man getting a tattoo.	A tattooed man is getting a new tattoo.	1
Short order cook preparing a meal in a kitchen.	Short order cook is cooking up a meal	1
Short order cook preparing a meal in a kitchen.	Short order cook is sitting down eating a meal	0
A male chief in a restaurant kitchen, with a black hat on and a frying pain in his left hand, pouring the contents in the pain into bowels.	A male chief in a kitchen.	1
A male chief in a restaurant kitchen, with a black hat on and a frying pain in his left hand, pouring the contents in the pain into bowels.	A female chief in a kitchen.	0
The blond-haired mother looked on as her daughter was getting her haircut for the first time.	A blonde mother looks on as her daughter gets her first hair cut.	1
The blond-haired mother looked on as her daughter was getting her haircut for the first time.	A blonde mother watches her daughter get her teeth pulled for the first time.	0
A policeman stand outside on the street with his hands in his pockets.	A policemen handcuffing a suspect.	0
A policeman stand outside on the street with his hands in his pockets.	A policeman has his hands in his pockets.	1
Two pastry chefs making pastry and a senior citizen purchasing pastry she has been shopping already.	Some people are inside a store.	1
Two pastry chefs making pastry and a senior citizen purchasing pastry she has been shopping already.	The restaurant is closed as people look from outside.	0
A middle-aged security guard wearing a yellow vest is standing next to a car	The woman sits next to the car.	0
A middle-aged security guard wearing a yellow vest is standing next to a car	The security guard stands next to the car.	1
A girl with brown hair is getting her hair styled by a lady in a pink shirt.	A girl gets her hair styled.	1
A girl with brown hair is getting her hair styled by a lady in a pink shirt.	A boy gets a haircut.	0
A man in a hat is standing next to a trailer and petting a donkey.	A man is near a trailer.	1
A man in a hat is standing next to a trailer and petting a donkey.	A man is mowing his lawn.	0
A man is carrying a board with many pairs of sunglasses.	a woman is crocheting	0
A man is carrying a board with many pairs of sunglasses.	a man carries sunglasses on a piece of wood	1
A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A young man has a tan hat.	1
A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A child goes down a slide.	0
A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	He is sitting at a picnic table outside.	0
A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	The young man is taller than the wall separating the kitchen and the living area.	1
A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A man wears a hat.	1
A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	a man is inside.	1
A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A man is sleeping.	0
A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A young man is outside looking at the house.	0
A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	A young man has a white hat.	0
A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.	He is standing inside the house.	1
A man in a green shirt and tan cap leans against a railing in someone's kitchen.	A man wearing a red shirt is in someone's bedroom.	0
A man in a green shirt and tan cap leans against a railing in someone's kitchen.	A man is in a kitchen	1
A man in a green shirt and beige cap is standing in a household.	A man wearing a green shirt is standing near the house	1
A man in a green shirt and beige cap is standing in a household.	A man is driving a car.	0
Boy in green shirt standing at wall in kitchen.	The child is asleep in his bed	0
Boy in green shirt standing at wall in kitchen.	There is a child indoors.	1
People look on as a guy attends to a fixed gear bike under a tent.	A man is riding a bike through tent world.	0
People look on as a guy attends to a fixed gear bike under a tent.	A guy is working on a bike.	1
There is a homeless man outside this building.	There is a rich man outside this building.	0
There is a homeless man outside this building.	There is a homeless man outside this building.	1
The man, under the canopy, is working on a bicycle while an onlooker watches.	The man is riding his bicycle around the neighborhood	0
The man, under the canopy, is working on a bicycle while an onlooker watches.	The man is working on his vehicle.	1
A woman with a blue jacket and black pants is under a black and yellow tent	A woman in a green dress is in line to buy popcorn at a movie theater.	0
A woman with a blue jacket and black pants is under a black and yellow tent	There is a woman under a colorful tent.	1
A boy in a red swimsuit laughs.	I see a boy in a red swim suit	1
A boy in a red swimsuit laughs.	the boy is in space	0
A man running into a pool of water at a track and field event.	A woman is sleeping in a bed.	0
A man running into a pool of water at a track and field event.	A man is running.	1
Two people in blue shirts take a photo of themselves as a woman in a scarf pass them by.	The people are using a camera.	1
Two people in blue shirts take a photo of themselves as a woman in a scarf pass them by.	The people are sleeping together alone.	0
A dark-haired child in swimwear laughs, sitting before a glass table.	the blonde child had lunch	0
A dark-haired child in swimwear laughs, sitting before a glass table.	the child was sitting	1
A woman gets water from a well in a nicely vegetated area.	A person drawing well water with lush vegetation all around.	1
A woman gets water from a well in a nicely vegetated area.	A woman getting water from a stream in a rocky, mountainous area.	0
Young boy holding sunglasses and wearing a bathing suit.	The boy is wearing a tuxedo.	0
Young boy holding sunglasses and wearing a bathing suit.	The boy is dressed in a swimsuit.	1
A boy in his swim trunks is sitting at a table and laughing.	Everyone is standing around a fire.	0
A boy in his swim trunks is sitting at a table and laughing.	Someone is laughing.	1
A lady with a brown dress on is holding a glass and a cigarette in the middle of a room full of people.	The woman is clutching her purse while looking around the empty room.	0
A lady with a brown dress on is holding a glass and a cigarette in the middle of a room full of people.	A woman is located in the middle of a crowded room holding a glass.	1
A woman smiles tightly at a camera as another woman gestures to the right of her for the camera as a large group of people mingle behind them.	A woman is jumping off a roof	0
A woman smiles tightly at a camera as another woman gestures to the right of her for the camera as a large group of people mingle behind them.	A woman is smiling at a camera	1
A lot of people mingling and having fun at a get-together.	A lone man stands by himself.	0
A lot of people mingling and having fun at a get-together.	A group of humans.	1
Two women stand in the foreground making foolish faces in front of a diverse crowd of young people.	Two people are making funny faces.	1
Two women stand in the foreground making foolish faces in front of a diverse crowd of young people.	Two men are playing football.	0
Two men performing in a band.	two men play music	1
Two men performing in a band.	dog sleeps in grass	0
A man wearing only underwear and tennis shoes walking down the street.	A man is walking	1
A man wearing only underwear and tennis shoes walking down the street.	The man is fully clothed	0
A dark-haired women scrubbing a bucket.	A women is scrubbing a dog.	0
A dark-haired women scrubbing a bucket.	A women scrubbing a bucket.	1
A man with a hand injury is walking with a cane in a park.	There is a man outside.	1
A man with a hand injury is walking with a cane in a park.	A man is sleeping on a bench.	0
a crane flying just above a body of water	A crane is sitting over a nest.	0
a crane flying just above a body of water	A crane is outdoors.	1
Construction men are climbing wooden supports.	Some men are climbing.	1
Construction men are climbing wooden supports.	Some men are painting a house.	0
Two men on scaffolding painting the outside of a building.	Two men are washing the windows on the building.	0
Two men on scaffolding painting the outside of a building.	Two men are fixing the appearance of the building.	1
Two men are sitting on some scaffolding and painting a wall.	The men are making the wall look better.	1
Two men are sitting on some scaffolding and painting a wall.	The men are eating a sandwich.	0
Two men wearing work clothing climb a scaffold at a construction site.	Two men are working on construction.	1
Two men wearing work clothing climb a scaffold at a construction site.	Two men are hammering something into a wall.	0
A man in a white shirt is on a rooftop lifting a board.	A man has a white shirt.	1
A man in a white shirt is on a rooftop lifting a board.	The man has a red shirt.	0
A man and a woman are standing near a grill, and the man is torching meat with a small blowtorch.	A man is cooking on a grill while a woman watches.	1
A man and a woman are standing near a grill, and the man is torching meat with a small blowtorch.	A man and woman are grilling in the rain.	0
Two people preparing meat on a street-side grill with one person wearing a mask as the other leans his head down.	Two men are cooking outdoors.	1
Two people preparing meat on a street-side grill with one person wearing a mask as the other leans his head down.	Two men are sitting on the couch watching television.	0
A man and his female assistant use a propane torch to grill steaks.	Two people are making steak with a torch.	1
A man and his female assistant use a propane torch to grill steaks.	A person is cooking spaghetti on a stove.	0
Two dark-skinned children staring while the people behind them mix dust in their floral clothing.	children goes to sleep in dormitory	0
Two dark-skinned children staring while the people behind them mix dust in their floral clothing.	two children watching people mixing dust in their floral clothing	1
Two people preparing meat over a grill with a blowtorch.	The couple are playing chess.	0
Two people preparing meat over a grill with a blowtorch.	The people are cooking.	1
Man with orange dyed hair playing an electric guitar.	The man is playing the guitar.	1
Man with orange dyed hair playing an electric guitar.	The mans hair is on fire.	0
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.	The dogs run in a field	1
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.	The dogs are sleeping.	0
Men standing in a dumpster in a city.	Some men are burning some trash.	0
Men standing in a dumpster in a city.	Some men are in a dumpster.	1
Two young children dressed in winter clothes ride their toy sleds down a small hill.	Two children ride their sleds.	1
Two young children dressed in winter clothes ride their toy sleds down a small hill.	The children are in a swimming pool playing with a beach ball.	0
Two children sled down a hill on a plastic discs often referred to as "saucers".	The kids are sledding.	1
Two children sled down a hill on a plastic discs often referred to as "saucers".	The kids are in school.	0
A man sitting in a canoe on the shore of a lake.	A man is in a canoe.	1
A man sitting in a canoe on the shore of a lake.	A man scuba dives.	0
Man sitting in a beached canoe by a lake.	a woman is standing in the woods	0
Man sitting in a beached canoe by a lake.	A man is sitting in a boat	1
Two children are asleep in a two-child stroller on the sidewalk.	7 children are asleep in a car.	0
Two children are asleep in a two-child stroller on the sidewalk.	Two children are asleep in a multi-child stroller on the sidewalk.	1
A man is sitting in a boat on the shore with the lake in the background.	A man is outdoors.	1
A man is sitting in a boat on the shore with the lake in the background.	A man is sitting on a couch.	0
A man sitting in a rowboat	a man is standing in a boat	0
A man sitting in a rowboat	a man is in a rowboat	1
A woman dressed in all black and wearing a headset makes a coffee drink.	The woman is wearing orange.	0
A woman dressed in all black and wearing a headset makes a coffee drink.	The woman is listening to something.	1
Two guards are sitting near an entrance.	Two guards are standing at the exit.	0
Two guards are sitting near an entrance.	Two people are watching an entrance.	1
Two guards sitting and talking to each other.	People sitting and talking.	1
Two guards sitting and talking to each other.	Two guards shooting guns.	0
Man in gray hoodie nodding down.	A man wears a gray hoodie.	1
Man in gray hoodie nodding down.	A lady wears a blue hoodie.	0
Two people with blue pants and yellow safety vests sit at an open gate on a red and blue wall.	Two people sit on a closed gate.	0
Two people with blue pants and yellow safety vests sit at an open gate on a red and blue wall.	Two people in matching clothes sit together.	1
A man in a hooded sweatshirt sitting on a toolbox.	A man is sitting.	1
A man in a hooded sweatshirt sitting on a toolbox.	A man runs a race.	0
A hooded man is tampering with a video cassette.	A hooded man records people outside	0
A hooded man is tampering with a video cassette.	A hooded man messes with equipment	1
A large person in a gray sweatshirt and white shorts sits next to a wood working tool.	The green house is full of plants.	0
A large person in a gray sweatshirt and white shorts sits next to a wood working tool.	There is a wood working tool.	1
Person in hooded sweatshirt that obscures their face sits next to a freshly cut log.	A man with a covered face sits.	1
Person in hooded sweatshirt that obscures their face sits next to a freshly cut log.	A man with a clearly visible face stands.	0
A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	The dog is dry.	0
A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	No water	0
A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	The dog is wet.	1
A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	A black lab jumping in a lake.	0
A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	A dog shakes himself.	1
A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	An animal trying to dry itself off.	1
A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	A puppy is sleeping on the bed	0
A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	An animal is trying to get dry	1
A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	Rasputin skateboards.	0
A tan dog shaking the water off of himself	An animal	1
Mallard duck swimming out in the water.	The duck is in the playpen.	0
Mallard duck swimming out in the water.	The duck is outside in the water.	1
A brown duck with a green head flaps its wings in the water.	Ducks like to flap their wings in the water.	1
A brown duck with a green head flaps its wings in the water.	Ducks like to eat other ducks in the water.	0
A green headed mallard duck flapping its wings in the water.	There is a mallard duck.	1
A green headed mallard duck flapping its wings in the water.	The duck is red.	0
A man rides his bike past the Chung May Food Market.	A male rides his transportation past a food market.	1
A man rides his bike past the Chung May Food Market.	A male eats lunch at home.	0
A man is riding his bike past a grocery store.	A man riding a car past a grocery store.	0
A man is riding his bike past a grocery store.	A man riding a bike past a grocery store.	1
A man with a backpack was bicycling past the Chinese food market.	A man with a purse is sitting still.	0
A man with a backpack was bicycling past the Chinese food market.	A person is on a moving object.	1
A man rides his bicycle past the Chung May Food Market.	A man parks his bicycle in front of the Chung May Food Market.	0
A man rides his bicycle past the Chung May Food Market.	A man rides his bicycle past a shop.	1
Two girls, a brunette dressed like a mermaid and a blond in a green shirt stand on the sidewalk holding informational cards.	A couple of girl relax with some reading material.	1
Two girls, a brunette dressed like a mermaid and a blond in a green shirt stand on the sidewalk holding informational cards.	Several female businessmen attempt to sell expensive products.	0
A man kneeling on a roof touching a piece of plywood wearing sunglasses.	A man is falling of a roof as he tries to catch his falling sunglasses.	0
A man kneeling on a roof touching a piece of plywood wearing sunglasses.	A man wearing sunglasses is kneeling on the top of a house.	1
Male swimmer doing the butterfly stroke in a lake.	A man is sitting on the couch.	0
Male swimmer doing the butterfly stroke in a lake.	A man swimming.	1
A man wearing a bathing cap and goggles is swimming in a river.	A man is swimming in a pool.	0
A man wearing a bathing cap and goggles is swimming in a river.	A man is keeping the water from his eyes.	1
A dog near the shore of a body of water.	A dog is in a boat	0
A dog near the shore of a body of water.	A dog is outside near the water	1
A local swimmer is wearing a swim cap and swim goggles while swimming in a lake.	the swimmer is in the lake	1
A local swimmer is wearing a swim cap and swim goggles while swimming in a lake.	the swimmer is at the pool	0
And male and female duo perform on stage.	two people performing.	1
And male and female duo perform on stage.	a man and woman performing surgery.	0
Young boy flying a toy airplane in an open field of hay.	The little boy was flying his toy airplane in the open field.	1
Young boy flying a toy airplane in an open field of hay.	The little girl was playing with her doll.	0
A small group of women sits beside a shop in an otherwise deserted courtyard.	Women sit next to a shop.	1
A small group of women sits beside a shop in an otherwise deserted courtyard.	Woman walk through a crowded mall.	0
A boy in a red shirt and blue jeans is playing with a flying toy in a field on a day with blue skies and puffy clouds.	A young person is playing with an object in the air.	1
A boy in a red shirt and blue jeans is playing with a flying toy in a field on a day with blue skies and puffy clouds.	A boy is playing with a toy dumptruck on the street.	0
A boy is in a field with a toy airplane in the air in front of him.	A boy is playing in a field.	1
A boy is in a field with a toy airplane in the air in front of him.	A boy is at a sports event.	0
A child in a red shirt is throwing a toy airplane in the middle of a large field.	A child is playing with is toys in the bedroom.	0
A child in a red shirt is throwing a toy airplane in the middle of a large field.	A child is playing with a toy airplane outside.	1
On a rainy day a person is walking on a busy city street carrying a dark colored plaid shirt on a hanger and holding onto bagpipes under the arm.	A person is walking through the rain	1
On a rainy day a person is walking on a busy city street carrying a dark colored plaid shirt on a hanger and holding onto bagpipes under the arm.	A person is carrying an empty hanger and bagpipes	0
A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	The man in the rain is wet.	1
A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	The man is playing the trumpet.	0
A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	The gentleman is walking carrying only his guitar	0
A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	The woman is holding a violin.	0
A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	A gentleman walking in the rain towards the flute festival.	0
A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	He is dry.	0
A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	The gentleman is walking in the rain.	1
A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	The man is wet.	1
A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	A man is outside with an instrument.	1
A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.	A gentleman walking in the rain, holding his instrument.	1
A man in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at him.	A man is playing the bagpipes.	1
A man in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at him.	A woman in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at her.	0
A strange man plays his bagpipes in the city as walks around dressed in a kilt.	The man is holding an instrument.	1
A strange man plays his bagpipes in the city as walks around dressed in a kilt.	The man is wearing jeans.	0
Man in Scottish garb playing the bagpipes on a rainy day on the sidewalk.	A man playing music on the sidewalk.	1
Man in Scottish garb playing the bagpipes on a rainy day on the sidewalk.	A woman in Scottish garb playing the bagpipes on a rainy day on the sidewalk.	0
Two men playing horseshoes.	Two guys are outdoors.	1
Two men playing horseshoes.	Two guys are playing basketball.	0
People in costumes are entertaining at an amusement park.	The people are dressed up.	1
People in costumes are entertaining at an amusement park.	The people are naked.	0
People are playing near the ocean.	People are playing cards in Las Vegas.	0
People are playing near the ocean.	People are playing.	1
A bunch of people are dancing and celebrating.	The people are moving their bodies.	1
A bunch of people are dancing and celebrating.	The people are asleep.	0
Two females are looking at a notebook in a lab.	To girls are looking at something.	1
Two females are looking at a notebook in a lab.	Two men are sharing a copy of 50 shades of grey.	0
Two women looking at information in a spiral booklet.	Two ladies are looking at a booklet together.	1
Two women looking at information in a spiral booklet.	A group of men are holding books.	0
Two women wearing safety goggles, looking at the same notebook.	Two women are looking at a notebook together, they are both wearing their safety goggles.	1
Two women wearing safety goggles, looking at the same notebook.	Two women are sitting side by side looking at their notebooks.	0
Two young women wearing safety goggles while working in a laboratory.	Two women are camping outside.	0
Two young women wearing safety goggles while working in a laboratory.	Two women have their eyes protected.	1
Two girls, wearing protective goggles, in a laboratory going through a book.	The girls are dissecting a frog.	0
Two girls, wearing protective goggles, in a laboratory going through a book.	The girls are looking at a book.	1
Five young ladies are dancing ballet with their legs kicked back and arms up high.	Five ladies are dancing.	1
Five young ladies are dancing ballet with their legs kicked back and arms up high.	five ladies are not there	0
Four dancers each dressed in black with a red ribbon around their waist are dancing.	There are four people dancing, each wearing black clothing with a red ribbon belt.	1
Four dancers each dressed in black with a red ribbon around their waist are dancing.	The four dancers, dressed in black and red, are resting and sitting at a table.	0
Four ballet dancers in black costumes are performing on a stage.	people are performing ballet	1
Four ballet dancers in black costumes are performing on a stage.	people are at home sleeping	0
A man on a red bike popping a wheelie.	A man is riding a skateboard.	0
A man on a red bike popping a wheelie.	A man is riding a red bike.	1
A guy riding a bike in the street doing a pop-a-wheely.	A man wrecking his bike.	0
A guy riding a bike in the street doing a pop-a-wheely.	A guy riding a bike in the street doing a wheely.	1
A man on a red bicycle that is dragging a wagon behind it.	a man dragging a wagon while riding a bicycle	1
A man on a red bicycle that is dragging a wagon behind it.	a woman holding a scruffy cat	0
A man rides his bike on one wheel while towing something behind him.	The man on the bike has no legs	0
A man rides his bike on one wheel while towing something behind him.	The man is on a bike	1
A man with a blue shirt riding a red bike doing a wheelie in the middle of the road.	The man is balancing on one wheel.	1
A man with a blue shirt riding a red bike doing a wheelie in the middle of the road.	The man is wearing a green shirt.	0
A red colored diner features dark red chairs.	There are red chairs in the diner.	1
A red colored diner features dark red chairs.	There are no red chairs in the diner.	0
Two people sitting in the shadows near the water.	people are in the sun in the desert	0
Two people sitting in the shadows near the water.	people are sitting by the water	1
Two children hug one another.	One child is giving another child a hug.	1
Two children hug one another.	The children are brushing their teeth.	0
A man in a hat and black jacket reads a newspaper	A man is reading a book.	0
A man in a hat and black jacket reads a newspaper	A man is reading a newspaper.	1
A man in a dark jacket and a hat reading a paper while leaning.	A man is reading a paper.	1
A man in a dark jacket and a hat reading a paper while leaning.	A man is reading a newspaper on a train.	0
A man with a hat leaning against a post reading a newspaper.	A man is reading a newspaper outside.	1
A man with a hat leaning against a post reading a newspaper.	A woman is reading a magazine.	0
A nicely dressed man reading the newspaper in front of an older building.	Woman reading a book outdoors.	0
A nicely dressed man reading the newspaper in front of an older building.	Man in professional attire reading a newspaper outside.	1
A guy leaning on a structure in front of a building reading something.	a person reading in front of a building	1
A guy leaning on a structure in front of a building reading something.	a blind man sits in front of a building	0
Three children on skates in an arena two girls and one boy, boy is wearing orange wheeled skates.	The children are at home watching television.	0
Three children on skates in an arena two girls and one boy, boy is wearing orange wheeled skates.	The children have something on their feet.	1
Little boy skating in roller rink, two little girls in background.	A boy is skating with other people around him.	1
Little boy skating in roller rink, two little girls in background.	A girl is playing at a park by herself.	0
Three children are skating on a rollerskating rink.	the men are doing yoga	0
Three children are skating on a rollerskating rink.	Three kids are ice skating	1
three young people skating in a skating rink	The three people are skating together.	1
three young people skating in a skating rink	The three people are throwing the baseball around.	0
Two girls and a boy rollerskating.	Some kids are rollerskating.	1
Two girls and a boy rollerskating.	Some kids are playing basketball.	0
A toddler swings back very high.	a toddler swings high	1
A toddler swings back very high.	a toddler plays on a slide	0
A man wearing a blue coat and red scarf cocks back his arm while holding a stick on the beach.	a man in a coat	1
A man wearing a blue coat and red scarf cocks back his arm while holding a stick on the beach.	the man is wearing a sweatshirt	0
A man with a scarf throws a stick javelin-style on an abandoned beach.	The man threw a stick.	1
A man with a scarf throws a stick javelin-style on an abandoned beach.	The man is dancing in the moonlight with his daughter.	0
A man gets ready to throw a bamboo stick like a javelin.	A man is holding a stick.	1
A man gets ready to throw a bamboo stick like a javelin.	A man works on transforming his bamboo stick into a fishing pole.	0
A man with a red scarf is throwing a long stick.	A man in a scark throws a stick.	1
A man with a red scarf is throwing a long stick.	A man ate a stick.	0
A man gets ready to throw a stick at the beach.	A man gets ready to throw a stick.	1
A man gets ready to throw a stick at the beach.	A man is sitting still at the beach.	0
Two young men compete in an informal basketball game.	There is a 1v1 going on between friends	1
Two young men compete in an informal basketball game.	People don't play sports	0
A young boy and girl hug and smile.	young couple hugging	1
A young boy and girl hug and smile.	youth playing	0
A woman with heavy makeup is standing next to a red light sign.	A woman with heavy makeup is standing.	1
A woman with heavy makeup is standing next to a red light sign.	A man with heavy makeup is standing.	0
An older man is sitting in a lawn chair with a newspaper in his hand and selling paint cans, lawn chairs, and other items.	An older woman is selling newspapers.	0
An older man is sitting in a lawn chair with a newspaper in his hand and selling paint cans, lawn chairs, and other items.	An old man has a newspaper.	1
A man standing on a boat is pulling rope out of the ocean.	The man is standing.	1
A man standing on a boat is pulling rope out of the ocean.	The man is drinking a beer in a pub.	0
Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	four musicians play for a man	1
Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	There are multiple people present.	1
Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	a kid in a car goes through a drive thru	0
Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	A group of people play music outside.	1
Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	There is no one listening to the musicians.	0
Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	The young man is riding his bike down the street.	0
Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	Musicians are playing at an indoor concert.	0
Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	A big band perfomance on a ship plays to a crowd of women.	0
Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	A man with a bike watched musicians playing.	1
Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.	A man listens to four musicians playing on the street.	1
Four musicians playing reed instruments with one playing a clarinet and three playing saxophones, being watched by a young child on a bicycle.	some musicians sleep	0
Four musicians playing reed instruments with one playing a clarinet and three playing saxophones, being watched by a young child on a bicycle.	four musicians are playing instruments	1
Some young adults are playing saxophones and clarinets outdoors.	Some young people were playing musical instruments outside.	1
Some young adults are playing saxophones and clarinets outdoors.	The drummer hammered away at his kit in the garage.	0
A street band consisting of three saxophonists and a clarinetist playing on the street.	The street band is playing outside.	1
A street band consisting of three saxophonists and a clarinetist playing on the street.	The street band is inside a cafe for a show.	0
Three taxis have been pulled over.	Three taxis are on the street.	1
Three taxis have been pulled over.	Three motorcycles were pulled over.	0
Line of taxis waiting for passengers.	Trucks are driving down a highway.	0
Line of taxis waiting for passengers.	Taxis are waiting.	1
Many cabs lining up at a station close to an elevator.	Many buses are parked at a station.	0
Many cabs lining up at a station close to an elevator.	Taxis line up at a station.	1
Three parked taxis with two parked police cars behind them.	The police cars are in front of the taxis.	1
Three parked taxis with two parked police cars behind them.	The taxis are being towed away.	0
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.	Two players battle over a turkey in an intense match.	0
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.	There are players on the soccer field.	1
Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field.	Two teams are playing soccer on a grass field.	1
Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field.	Two hockey opponents run and fight for the puck on ice.	0
Two young men on opposing soccer teams are competing to get the ball on a soccer field.	Two young men are playing baseball.	0
Two young men on opposing soccer teams are competing to get the ball on a soccer field.	Two young men are playing soccer.	1
An old man wearing a black jacket is looking on the table	A man in a black jacket is near a table.	1
An old man wearing a black jacket is looking on the table	A young girl in a bright shirt is looking at the sky.	0
Several people are huddled around a table in an Asian country.	People around a table in an Asian country.	1
Several people are huddled around a table in an Asian country.	People walking down a road.	0
A male billiards player with a grin on his face and his pool stick in hand overlooking a billiards table with some balls on it.	A woman is watching football.	0
A male billiards player with a grin on his face and his pool stick in hand overlooking a billiards table with some balls on it.	A guy is playing pool.	1
A man in a red shirt and black pants is sitting down.	A man running around the lake.	0
A man in a red shirt and black pants is sitting down.	A person sitting down.	1
A man sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.	A woman sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes her look headless.	0
A man sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.	A person sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.	1
A man sits alone in front of a building, hanging his head so low it appears to not exist.	A man sits alone and hanged his head so low.	1
A man sits alone in front of a building, hanging his head so low it appears to not exist.	A woman sits on her bed, crying.	0
A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	There is a child playing at a playground.	1
A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	The boy is dark-skinned.	0
A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	A young boy rides a play horse at the playground	1
A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	The cow is riding the boy.	0
A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	The boy is on a bus on the highway.	0
A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	A boy rides a hrose.	1
A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	There is a child on a park plaything.	1
A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	A grown man rides a horse down a beach.	0
A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	A boy rides a play horse.	1
A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.	There is a young girl riding a horse at a farm.	0
A man is tying his shoe lace.	A man is not wearing any footwear.	0
A man is tying his shoe lace.	A man is lacing up his shoes.	1
Two swimmers are fighting for a ball on a water sport.	Two people fighting.	1
Two swimmers are fighting for a ball on a water sport.	Two people practicing darts.	0
A swimmer in his suit stretches before a swim competition while holding his goggles.	A swimmer in the middle of a swimming race.	0
A swimmer in his suit stretches before a swim competition while holding his goggles.	A woman preparing for a swim competition.	0
A swimmer in his suit stretches before a swim competition while holding his goggles.	A swimmer preparing for a swim competition.	1
A shirtless man in blue swimsuit bottoms holding swim goggles.	A cat is eating food.	0
A shirtless man in blue swimsuit bottoms holding swim goggles.	A shirtless man is holding swim goggles.	1
A male swimmer in a blue bikini holding goggles.	A male is holding goggles.	1
A male swimmer in a blue bikini holding goggles.	A man is sleeping.	0
A man in blue Speedos is holding black goggles.	The man in blue speedos is at a skating rink.	0
A man in blue Speedos is holding black goggles.	Black goggles are being held.	1
People are seen in the distance in front of a large colorful monument.	people are by the monument	1
People are seen in the distance in front of a large colorful monument.	the people are in a conference call	0
A guy wearing a dark blue shirt is playing pool.	A guy is playing pool.	1
A guy wearing a dark blue shirt is playing pool.	A guy is bowling.	0
A woman in an orange top is standing next to a large rainbow colored work of art.	A boy is jumping rope.	0
A woman in an orange top is standing next to a large rainbow colored work of art.	A woman is standing next to a work of art.	1
Two small children playing football in yellow and black and yellow and blue uniforms.	there are two children playing football.	1
Two small children playing football in yellow and black and yellow and blue uniforms.	two small children are playing football in their white and gold uniforms	0
A man walking up some steep steps carrying a bag.	A man is walking up the steps.	1
A man walking up some steep steps carrying a bag.	A woman is walking down the steps.	0
A young child is carrying a paddle.	A child holding a paddle.	1
A young child is carrying a paddle.	A man launching a boat.	0
Man with camera and bag walking up stairs	A person walking up stairs.	1
Man with camera and bag walking up stairs	A man sitting on the stairs.	0
A man climbs up a large flight of stone steps.	A man climbs stone steps.	1
A man climbs up a large flight of stone steps.	A man falls to his death down stone steps.	0
A young child in a red shirt is holding a wooden paddle behind a net.	The young child is wearing a red shirt and playing a game.	1
A young child in a red shirt is holding a wooden paddle behind a net.	The young child is about to be confirmed at this church.	0
A young boy is standing on a sports field holding a piece of sports equipment.	a person is using a piece of equipment.	1
A young boy is standing on a sports field holding a piece of sports equipment.	a boy is sitting in a coffee shop.	0
A little boy is standing in a cricket cage holding a cricket bat.	Adults are playing soccer.	0
A little boy is standing in a cricket cage holding a cricket bat.	A child is in the cricket cage.	1
A kid playing a Cricket game, possibly at preschool or at the park	The kid is playing basketball.	0
A kid playing a Cricket game, possibly at preschool or at the park	The kid is playing Cricket.	1
The baby in the crib is crying.	The baby smiling and laughing.	0
The baby in the crib is crying.	The baby crying in the crib.	1
Two guys riding skateboards with one of them performing a jump trick.	Two guys hanging in their room.	0
Two guys riding skateboards with one of them performing a jump trick.	Two guys riding their skateboards outside.	1
A teenage boy doing a skateboard trick while another boy rides on a skateboard in the background.	some boys are riding skateboards	1
A teenage boy doing a skateboard trick while another boy rides on a skateboard in the background.	the boy is doing tricks on his bmx bike	0
A skateboarder jumping in the street.	A skateboarded ollied in the street.	1
A skateboarder jumping in the street.	A person is jumped his snowboard.	0
A man flips his skateboard on a flat expanse of concrete.	The man is walking.	0
A man flips his skateboard on a flat expanse of concrete.	A skateboarder doing tricks.	1
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.	The boy is outdoors.	1
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.	The boy does a trick on the ocean.	0
A band is performing on stage at a place of business.	The band is performing on the grass outside.	0
A band is performing on stage at a place of business.	The band members are performers.	1
A motorbike rider is barreling across a grass lawn.	The rider is outdoors on a motorbike.	1
A motorbike rider is barreling across a grass lawn.	The motorbike rider is sitting still on the sidewalk.	0
Kids play in the snow while parents watch	Old men rolling around in the snow.	0
Kids play in the snow while parents watch	Humans playing in the snow.	1
Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	Three friends jump off the dock into the water.	0
Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	The opening act to a rock concert.	0
Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	The people are inside a sauna.	0
Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	Three people are going ice fishing.	1
Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	Out in the snow, a small group of fishermen get an ice fishing boat ready for use.	1
Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	A group is outside in the snow.	1
Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	A group of people are sun tanning on the beach.	0
Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	The people are outside.	1
Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	Two fishermen are sitting in a restaurant eating chicken.	0
Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.	People preparing to go ice fishing.	1
A young boy climbs a spiral staircase in a room full of books.	A boy is going downstairs.	0
A young boy climbs a spiral staircase in a room full of books.	A boy is going upstairs.	1
Young boy climbs spiral staircase surrounded by books.	a boy slides down a spiral staircase	0
Young boy climbs spiral staircase surrounded by books.	a boy walks up stairs	1
Young boy in blue shirt on spiral staircase in a room with many books.	The shirt is red.	0
Young boy in blue shirt on spiral staircase in a room with many books.	There is a boy.	1
A little boy climbs a spiral staircase in a cluttered library.	a boy is in the library	1
A little boy climbs a spiral staircase in a cluttered library.	the boy is swinging on a tire	0
Three black people dressed in african garb watching something.	Three people are dressed in african garb.	1
Three black people dressed in african garb watching something.	The three people are white.	0
A small brown and white dog is playing with the sprinkler in the grass.	Two dogs are on the grass.	1
A small brown and white dog is playing with the sprinkler in the grass.	Two dogs are sleeping.	0
The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	A dogs butt is being squirted with water.	0
The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	The pet remains dry after being hit from behind with a pail of water.	0
The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	The dog is being squirted	1
The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	He is drinking water.	0
The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	The dog with a light-colored coat its muzzle wet with a stream of water.	1
The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	Water is shooting in the white dog's face.	1
The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	The dog is white.	1
The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	A jet of water is squirting the dog.	1
The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	The cat sips water in the yard.	0
The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.	the dog is inside	0
A wedding party outside of a building.	Nobody is outside	0
A wedding party outside of a building.	Humans outside	1
An wedding party poses for a picture.	Photograph in marriage ceremony	1
An wedding party poses for a picture.	People gathered in office	0
A wedding party taking pictures.	Someone got married	1
A wedding party taking pictures.	They are at a funeral	0
A lady in a gray sweater has a conversation with three other people at the same table.	Four people have a conversation at a table together.	1
A lady in a gray sweater has a conversation with three other people at the same table.	Four men hold a conversation together at the same table.	0
A group of people talking at tables.	The people are having a conversation.	1
A group of people talking at tables.	The people are sitting silently.	0
There are tables full of people with paperwork who are discussing things.	A meeting of people is taking place	1
There are tables full of people with paperwork who are discussing things.	A group of people sit at a picnic table and eat lunch	0
A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.	A man is playing basketball while people watch.	1
A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.	A hockey player gets the puck in the net.	0
A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.	A man is playing basketball while people watch.	1
A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.	A hockey player gets the puck in the net.	0
People are in a laundry mat washing clothes.	People are throwing their clothes in the garbage.	0
People are in a laundry mat washing clothes.	Machines are cleaning clothes at the laundromat.	0
People are in a laundry mat washing clothes.	People are getting their clothes cleaned at the laundromat.	1
A man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches.	There is an audience	1
A man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches.	There is no audience	0
Two men checking on their drying clothes at the laundromat.	Two men are at the supermarket.	0
Two men checking on their drying clothes at the laundromat.	Two men dropped off their clothes at a laundromat.	1
A young man in a white button shirt and black pants assesses a washer in a laundromat.	He is assessing a dryer.	0
A young man in a white button shirt and black pants assesses a washer in a laundromat.	The man is going to do laundry.	1
Two patrons are washing clothes at the laundromat.	Two women are driving to the store.	0
Two patrons are washing clothes at the laundromat.	Two customers are doing laundry.	1
A young man looks inside a washer at a laundromat.	A man hangs his clothes on a clothesline.	0
A young man looks inside a washer at a laundromat.	A man examining the inside of a washing machine.	1
A man stands atop a rocky cliff over the water.	A man is on top of a cliff.	1
A man stands atop a rocky cliff over the water.	A man is standing on top of a building skyscraper.	0
Two young girls pick daffodils.	Two children plant flowers in a garden.	0
Two young girls pick daffodils.	Two girls pick flowers outside.	1
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.	Man looking at water	1
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.	Man swimming to shore	0
A man sands with his arms out on a rocky ledge in front of the ocean.	A woman looks out over the ocean from a spot on the sandy beach.	0
A man sands with his arms out on a rocky ledge in front of the ocean.	A man stands on a stony cliff overlooking the ocaen, arms outstretched.	1
A man sands with his arms out on a rocky ledge in front of the ocean.	A man climbed to the top of a rocky cliff by the sea.	1
Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.	Person standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.	1
Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.	Woman standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.	0
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.	A man sleeping on his bunk bed.	0
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.	A man standing outside.	1
a woman with a red cap is fishing in the river.	There is a woman in a black cap.	0
a woman with a red cap is fishing in the river.	There is a woman in a red cap.	1
A red-haired woman looks off-camera.	A redhead looks away from the camera	1
A red-haired woman looks off-camera.	A blonde looks away from the camera	0
A girl with a red cap, hair tied up and a gray shirt is fishing in a calm lake.	A boy is swimming in a lake.	0
A girl with a red cap, hair tied up and a gray shirt is fishing in a calm lake.	A girl is fishing.	1
A lady wearing a red hat is fishing in a quiet and peaceful lake.	Children are splashing in a lake.	0
A lady wearing a red hat is fishing in a quiet and peaceful lake.	A woman is fishing in a lake.	1
The redheaded woman is staring off into the distance.	The woman is brunette	0
The redheaded woman is staring off into the distance.	A woman has red hair	1
A curly redheaded girl with a large headband in her hair.	Blonde washing her hair	0
A curly redheaded girl with a large headband in her hair.	Redhead wearing a headband	1
A red-haired woman looks past the cameraman.	A woman with red hair looks past the cameraman.	1
A red-haired woman looks past the cameraman.	A cameraman looks at a man.	0
A girl with a long, curly, red-hair and green eyes.	a guy	0
A girl with a long, curly, red-hair and green eyes.	a person with hair and eyes	1
A group of campers grill food over a burn barrel.	People are cooking outdoors.	1
A group of campers grill food over a burn barrel.	The campers are going for a swim.	0
Campers use coal and a lighter to cook their dinner over a fire.	There is a group of people camping and cooking dinner.	1
Campers use coal and a lighter to cook their dinner over a fire.	There is a bear that started a fire in the woods.	0
A group of friends cook around a fire.	A group of people cook at a fire.	1
A group of friends cook around a fire.	A group of people eating food.	0
4 people standing next to a fire cooking a meal	The four people are sleeping in bed.	0
4 people standing next to a fire cooking a meal	The group is waiting for the food to be done.	1
People cooking at a campsite.	people are eating at applebee's	0
People cooking at a campsite.	friends are out camping	1
A large dog holding a smaller dog.	Two animals next to each other.	1
A large dog holding a smaller dog.	2 cats are sleeping	0
A woman walks in front of a wall plastered with advertisements.	A woman walks in front a wall covered in papers.	1
A woman walks in front of a wall plastered with advertisements.	A woman stands in front of a wall covered in pictures.	0
A small black and brown dog on a leash is jumping on a bigger tri-colored dog on a leash.	Some dogs are sleeping at the foot of the bed.	0
A small black and brown dog on a leash is jumping on a bigger tri-colored dog on a leash.	A small dog is jumping.	1
A dog is nipping at the ear of another dog on a leash, in a park.	A dog is being bitten	1
A dog is nipping at the ear of another dog on a leash, in a park.	The dogs are in a pet store.	0
A small dog jumps up to play with a larger dog.	There are no dogs playing.	0
A small dog jumps up to play with a larger dog.	A small dog is jumping and playing with a larger dog.	1
A dog holds a smaller animal in its mouth.	A dog has a ball in its mouth.	0
A dog holds a smaller animal in its mouth.	A dog has another animal in it's mouth.	1
Fluffy white dog running on pebbles along the shore.	The dog is riding in the bed of a truck.	0
Fluffy white dog running on pebbles along the shore.	A canine is alongside a body of water.	1
Someone is riding a bright green dirt bike through the grass.	A bike rider rides through the outdoors	1
Someone is riding a bright green dirt bike through the grass.	Someone in an SUV rides through the street	0
Shadowy figures on a balcony talking.	The balcony is empty.	0
Shadowy figures on a balcony talking.	People are talking on the balcony.	1
A young girl is throwing a hula hoop in a backyard on a sunny day.	A young girl plays outside.	1
A young girl is throwing a hula hoop in a backyard on a sunny day.	A boy plays inside.	0
Woman in blue shirt standing on a dried lake bed.	Woman in blue shirt standing on a boat in a lake.	0
Woman in blue shirt standing on a dried lake bed.	Woman standing outdoors.	1
A man and woman in a parking lot at night.	A man and a woman are walking in the park.	0
A man and woman in a parking lot at night.	A man and a woman are heading to their cars.	1
A blond woman sitting on a curb at night while a man with a black shirt stands over her and checks his phone.	Two people stand near a street at midday.	0
A blond woman sitting on a curb at night while a man with a black shirt stands over her and checks his phone.	A man looks at his phone while standing over a blonde woman on a curb.	1
There is a man asleep, at the door of a barber shop.	There is a man asleep in the ocean.	0
There is a man asleep, at the door of a barber shop.	There is a man asleep in a doorway.	1
The woman is fixing her shoes while the man looks at his cellphone.	A woman is walking barefoot	0
The woman is fixing her shoes while the man looks at his cellphone.	A woman stops to tie her show and her husband is checking his phone.	1
A man in dark clothing photographs a model sitting in a shopping mall parking lot.	A woman photographs a man in a parking lot.	0
A man in dark clothing photographs a model sitting in a shopping mall parking lot.	A man takes pictures of a model in a parking lot.	1
A baby laughs at his reflection in a mirror.	There is an infant in this picture	1
A baby laughs at his reflection in a mirror.	the baby is at a comedy show	0
A barefoot woman reads a book along the water.	A woman just finished lacing up her shoes.	0
A barefoot woman reads a book along the water.	A woman isn't wearing any shoes.	1
Two boys wearing sports uniforms stand in a grassy field.	The boys are inside the house.	0
Two boys wearing sports uniforms stand in a grassy field.	The two boys are outside.	1
the shadows of what appears to be two men grabbing another man from atop a large building	There are shadows of people.	1
the shadows of what appears to be two men grabbing another man from atop a large building	A man gives a speech at a school.	0
A woman wearing a hat with making bread.	A woman is trying on hats.	0
A woman wearing a hat with making bread.	A woman is making bread.	1
Cheerleaders build a pyramid near the goal-line.	A group of cheerleaders are on a field together.	1
Cheerleaders build a pyramid near the goal-line.	Cheerleaders sit on the sidelines as their team loses.	0
Cheerleaders have made three people pyramids.	Football players have made three people pyramids.	0
Cheerleaders have made three people pyramids.	Cheerleaders have made people pyramids.	1
A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air.	The skateboarder is wearing a shirt.	0
A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air.	A skateboarder is shirtless.	1
A group of cheerleaders if red outfits.	The cheerleaders are all wearing the mascot suit.	0
A group of cheerleaders if red outfits.	The cheeleaders are wearing their red school colors.	1
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.	an angry child rides a horse	0
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.	a child smiles for the camera	1
Small blond child with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.	Small blond man with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.	0
Small blond child with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.	Small child with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.	1
A young child playing in a Lexmark box and using it as a fort.	A young child is building a blanket fortress.	0
A young child playing in a Lexmark box and using it as a fort.	A child is playing with a box.	1
A bicyclist riding down the road wearing helmet and black jacket.	The bicyclist is fixing his bike.	0
A bicyclist riding down the road wearing helmet and black jacket.	A bicyclist is riding down the road.	1
Woman in black jacket and blue pants rides bike on shoulder through construction area.	A boy rides a hobby horse.	0
Woman in black jacket and blue pants rides bike on shoulder through construction area.	A woman on a bike.	1
A man in a red shirt holding a red piece of clothing.	The man is holding a black pair of pants.	0
A man in a red shirt holding a red piece of clothing.	A man is holding something.	1
A person on a bike riding by a bright orange sign.	The man hails a taxi in the country.	0
A person on a bike riding by a bright orange sign.	A person rides a bike.	1
A woman is riding a bike.	A woman is outside.	1
A woman is riding a bike.	The woman is enjoying some chocolate milk after a long work out.	0
A happy older couple share a dance while a younger dancing woman looks on.	An older couple sit and watch a young woman dance.	0
A happy older couple share a dance while a younger dancing woman looks on.	People attend a dance.	1
White and black dog jumping over red-haired dog in grass.	Dog jumps over a princess.	0
White and black dog jumping over red-haired dog in grass.	Dog jumps over dog.	1
Two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk.	Two people playing catch.	0
Two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk.	Two people talking while sitting.	1
A group of people sit watching an event behind a Tim hortons sign.	There is a group of people sitting	1
A group of people sit watching an event behind a Tim hortons sign.	There is a group of people standing outdoors	0
A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy.	The large dog is beneath the small dog.	1
A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy.	The dogs are baking cookies.	0
A man hovers over a woman seated at an art gallery's front desk.	A man and a woman at a desk	1
A man hovers over a woman seated at an art gallery's front desk.	A man and a woman sitting on a bench reading books	0
Racedog has the number 8.	A racing dog has a number 8.	1
Racedog has the number 8.	A race dog is number 9.	0
A dog, wearing a number 8, running in a race.	The dog is sleeping.	0
A dog, wearing a number 8, running in a race.	The dog is has a digit on itself.	1
A greyhound runs in a race, bee striped jacket, number eight.	The greyhound is wearing the number seven.	0
A greyhound runs in a race, bee striped jacket, number eight.	The greyhound is running around a track.	1
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	A beagle is wearing a yellow and black shirt.	0
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	A horse races around the track	0
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	There is a puppy laying on a couch	0
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	There is an animal running outdoors	1
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	The dog is sitting, waiting to be petted.	0
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	There is a cat on the racetrack	0
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	The dog is running.	1
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	The dog is an animal	1
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	A dog is at a racetrack.	1
A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.	An animal is outside	1
Gray dog with muzzle and with the# 8 yellow striped identification is running.	A gray dog is sleeping on the floor.	0
Gray dog with muzzle and with the# 8 yellow striped identification is running.	A dog is running a race.	1
A man wearing white clothes with a blue backpack waits for the blond woman to sign a book.	A man is watching a movie.	0
A man dressed in red is at the marketplace.	Man standing at a market	1
A man dressed in red is at the marketplace.	Man sitting in office	0
A person performing a wheelie trick on a motorcycle in a parking lot.	A person does a stunt on his motorbike.	1
A person performing a wheelie trick on a motorcycle in a parking lot.	A woman rides a unicycle in the parking lot.	0
A man standing on a motorcycle doing a stunt	A stuntman on a motorcycle	1
A man standing on a motorcycle doing a stunt	a man crashes a car into a pole	0
Motorcycle daredevil on reared motorcycle.	Motorcyle crashes into a pile of cars.	0
Motorcycle daredevil on reared motorcycle.	Motorcylist rides his bike.	1
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	The rider is straddling the motorcycle.	0
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	The person is laying in his bedroom.	0
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	Someone is riding side saddled on a motor bike.	1
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	Someone is parked in a car on the street	0
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	The individual sat on a bench in the subway terminal.	0
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	A person is on a motorcycle.	1
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	There is a person on a machine.	1
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	A person is on a motorcycle.	1
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	The birds in the tree are singing and eating worms.	0
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.	A person on a motorcycle is ridding sideways	1
Young man standing on one hand in front of an audience.	The young man played his guitar.	0
Young man standing on one hand in front of an audience.	The young adult stood on one hand during his performance.	1
Man in a hood performing in front of a group of onlookers.	the man is at home sleeping	0
Man in a hood performing in front of a group of onlookers.	a man is performing	1
A guy is on one hand throwing his feet up surrounded by a crowd.	A man performs tricks for a crowd.	1
A guy is on one hand throwing his feet up surrounded by a crowd.	A guy is practicing his stunts in his living room.	0
A man in a gray hat and tank top with black shorts doing a handstand.	The man is reading a newspaper while seated at his desk.	0
A man in a gray hat and tank top with black shorts doing a handstand.	The man has his hands on the ground.	1
A woman with blond-hair, glasses, necklace, and a green and blue floral dress is holding a yellow container.	A woman with brown hair is holding a frying pan.	0
A woman with blond-hair, glasses, necklace, and a green and blue floral dress is holding a yellow container.	A blond woman in a floral dress is holding a container.	1
A lady sitting on the edge of a dock reading a book and listening to music.	A woman is inside watching TV.	0
A lady sitting on the edge of a dock reading a book and listening to music.	A lady is outside reading and listening to music.	1
A man is getting a book autographed.	The gentleman proffered his book for an autograph	1
A man is getting a book autographed.	The man was buying diapers at the local Costco	0
A man with a beard and a woman in sunglasses are standing in front of a liquor store.	The children are in school.	0
A man with a beard and a woman in sunglasses are standing in front of a liquor store.	The man and women are standing.	1
A man and woman stand on a one way road in front of a red stuccoed building.	Two people stand on a road by a building.	1
A man and woman stand on a one way road in front of a red stuccoed building.	A man and woman standing on the sidewalk outside of the subway station.	0
Two people look toward the camera as they cross the street in front of a red building with a sign saying, "Royal."	Two sister relax by a pool.	0
Two people look toward the camera as they cross the street in front of a red building with a sign saying, "Royal."	A red building has a sign.	1
A man in a blue striped shirt and jeans along with a woman in a brown shirt walking across the street.	A man wearing a striped shirt and a woman wearing a polka dotted shirt cross the street.	0
A man in a blue striped shirt and jeans along with a woman in a brown shirt walking across the street.	Two people are walking on the street.	1
Two guys and two girls are playing a casino game.	People are playing a game.	1
Two guys and two girls are playing a casino game.	One guy and Twenty girls are shooting guns.	0
A man and a woman look to their left near a liquor store.	A man and a woman sleeping in their bed	0
A man and a woman look to their left near a liquor store.	A man and a woman near a liquor store	1
A man dressed as a pirate stands next to a man playing a saxophone as well as a man playing an accordion as viewers watch.	There are three men in this picture	1
A man dressed as a pirate stands next to a man playing a saxophone as well as a man playing an accordion as viewers watch.	The men are best friends trying to settle a bet of who is better at swimming.	0
A saxophone player dressed in a blue sweatshirt and an accordion player entertain people on the street, including a pirate.	A sax player entertains people	1
A saxophone player dressed in a blue sweatshirt and an accordion player entertain people on the street, including a pirate.	A drummer plays on the street	0
Man dressed as a Pirate listens with a crowd to a band playing.	man dressed as pirate	1
Man dressed as a Pirate listens with a crowd to a band playing.	girl cries loud	0
An eclectic group of musicians and actors perform for a group of tourists.	A monkey is eating a banana	0
An eclectic group of musicians and actors perform for a group of tourists.	Tourist are watching a performance	1
Musicians playing to a crowd of people on the street.	There are people.	1
Musicians playing to a crowd of people on the street.	The street has no people.	0
A woman with an umbrella following a car on a billboard.	A man is on a billboard.	0
A woman with an umbrella following a car on a billboard.	A woman is on a billboard.	1
A young man does a trick on his skateboard in a somewhat crowded park area.	A young man skateboarding.	1
A young man does a trick on his skateboard in a somewhat crowded park area.	A young man diving into a pool.	0
Muzzled greyhounds are racing on the track.	Dogs race on the track.	1
Muzzled greyhounds are racing on the track.	Muzzled greyhouds are eating Kibbles 'N Bits out of a cereal bowl.	0
Dogs race each other on a muddy track.	The track is muddy	1
Dogs race each other on a muddy track.	The track is dry	0
Race dogs midair while they run.	Fish are swimming in circles	0
Race dogs midair while they run.	Dogs are racing	1
A boy in a green sweatshirt and blue jeans performs a trick on a skateboard while spectators in the background are looking on.	A young man rides a skateboard.	1
A boy in a green sweatshirt and blue jeans performs a trick on a skateboard while spectators in the background are looking on.	The piano player finishes his piece of music.	0
A male in a green sweatshirt and blue jeans is doing a skateboard trick on a tiled outdoor surface along a river walk.	A man is riding a bike in a park.	0
A male in a green sweatshirt and blue jeans is doing a skateboard trick on a tiled outdoor surface along a river walk.	A skateboarder does a trick.	1
A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	The people are standing near a man doing an ollie.	1
A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	A man is skating.	1
A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	The man is in the park.	1
A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	a man rides a skateboard	1
A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	The man is riding his bike down the fast lane.	0
A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	a man is asleep in front of a cozy fire	0
A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	A man in a tux rides a cab.	0
A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	A man is skateboarding near the park.	1
A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	The skateboard is on the ground.	0
A man in a hoodie does an ollie on his skateboard with people in the park in the background.	The man is sitting down on his skateboard.	0
A man in a green hoodie is trying to do a trick on his skateboard in a park.	a man in green	1
A man in a green hoodie is trying to do a trick on his skateboard in a park.	the man is nude	0
Little redheaded boy looking at a toy train.	A little boy is watching a toy train	1
Little redheaded boy looking at a toy train.	A little boy is playing catch	0
A woman sits on a stone wall and talks on her phone.	A woman reading the newspaper.	0
A woman sits on a stone wall and talks on her phone.	A woman talking on the phone.	1
Group of people pointing.	A group of people are sitting down with their hands folded.	0
Group of people pointing.	A couple of people have their arm extended.	1
Two women are sitting on a rock next to an open field.	Two women dancing.	0
Two women are sitting on a rock next to an open field.	Two women sitting on a rock.	1
A boy wearing blue short standing on the traffic signal pole.	The boy is wearing red shorts inside his classroom.	0
A boy wearing blue short standing on the traffic signal pole.	The boy is wearing an article of clothing.	1
A young kid is skateboarding at a skate park.	The boy is afraid of skating.	0
A young kid is skateboarding at a skate park.	The boy is playing at the skate park.	1
Three people sitting on the curb in an Asian city.	A group of people are outside sitting.	1
Three people sitting on the curb in an Asian city.	A group of dogs are riding in a car.	0
Lots of people are sitting on blankets and lawn chairs in the grass.	There are lots of people sitting on blankets.	1
Lots of people are sitting on blankets and lawn chairs in the grass.	There is one person sitting on a blanket.	0
Young girl playing with streamers.	A girl playing.	1
Young girl playing with streamers.	There is a boy playing basketball.	0
The girl is twirling long, colorful streamers.	The girl is twirling streamers.	1
The girl is twirling long, colorful streamers.	The boy is twilring streamers.	0
The girl in the pink shirt is twirling a ribbon.	A boy playing with a ribbon	0
The girl in the pink shirt is twirling a ribbon.	A girl playing with a ribbon	1
a girl wearing a bright pink top is spinning a colorful ribbon around her body.	A girl in a pink top spins a ribbon.	1
a girl wearing a bright pink top is spinning a colorful ribbon around her body.	A boy in a blue shirt spins.	0
A little girl in a pink shirt and a jean skirt is playing with a ribbon wand outside.	The girl has a red shirt.	0
A little girl in a pink shirt and a jean skirt is playing with a ribbon wand outside.	A girl has a pink shirt.	1
A skier flies through the air.	a snowboarder is watching the sights	0
A skier flies through the air.	a skier has left the ground and is airborne	1
A man in skiing gear is airborne.	A naked man is airborne.	0
A man in skiing gear is airborne.	A man in skiing gear.	1
A skier is airborne in front of some trees.	Someone is skiing.	1
A skier is airborne in front of some trees.	Two men play basketball.	0
A skier in colorful clothes midair in a wintry scene.	The skier is sitting on the bench.	0
A skier in colorful clothes midair in a wintry scene.	The skier is dressed warm for the winter conditions.	1
A woman sitting on concrete reading a book barefoot.	A person reading.	1
A woman sitting on concrete reading a book barefoot.	A little boy playing on a jungle gym.	0
A man is skiing in midair.	A man is outdoors.	1
A man is skiing in midair.	A man is parachuting in midair.	0
A black dog and a brown dog close together.	Two dogs.	1
A black dog and a brown dog close together.	Two cats sleeping.	0
One brown and one mostly black dog are either playing or fighting.	two dogs were together	1
One brown and one mostly black dog are either playing or fighting.	one dog sat alone	0
Two dogs, face to face, on a dirt road.	Two dogs are facing each other.	1
Two dogs, face to face, on a dirt road.	Two dogs are chasing a cat.	0
A brown dog and a black dog on a dirt path.	Two dogs are outdoors.	1
A brown dog and a black dog on a dirt path.	The two dogs are walking down a city street.	0
A woman playing on an oversize checkers board.	A woman plays on a giant black-and-red checkerboard.	1
A woman playing on an oversize checkers board.	A kid plays speed checkers with his buddy on a tiny magnetic checkerboard.	0
A woman plays an extra large game of checkers.	A woman plays an extra large game of chess.	0
A woman plays an extra large game of checkers.	A woman is playing a board game.	1
A person is playing a large version of checkers on a deck overlooking water.	Someone is playing a game outdoors.	1
A person is playing a large version of checkers on a deck overlooking water.	A person is standing watching boats with binoculars.	0
Someone placing pieces on a large checkerboard.	A man is dealing cards.	0
Someone placing pieces on a large checkerboard.	There is a checkers game.	1
The little boy is looking at a train set.	the boy is playing with it	0
The little boy is looking at a train set.	the boy is thinking pf train set	1
A blond woman practices belly dancing in outfit.	A woman is laying in the sun.	0
A blond woman practices belly dancing in outfit.	A woman is wearing clothes and moving around.	1
A lady bowling, with her right leg pointing towards her back.	A lady bowling with leg pointing back.	1
A lady bowling, with her right leg pointing towards her back.	A lady bowling drinks a soda.	0
A lady bowling, with her right leg pointing towards her back.	A lady bowling with one of her legs pointing back.	1
A belly dancer wearing a red and gold costume stands with her arms above her head.	A dancer poses.	1
A belly dancer wearing a red and gold costume stands with her arms above her head.	A gorilla dressed as a belly dancer overturns a table.	0
A blond woman in a decorated matching red skirt and top is standing in a field.	There is a women outdoors	1
A blond woman in a decorated matching red skirt and top is standing in a field.	There is a women outdoors running outdoors.	0
A dancer in a red costume has her hands raised up to form a shape.	A basketball player makes a shot.	0
A dancer in a red costume has her hands raised up to form a shape.	A dancer is in a posed position.	1
A woman dressed in a red costume belly dances among spectators.	A woman belly dances.	1
A woman dressed in a red costume belly dances among spectators.	A man belly dances.	0
A youngster plays with a toy.	youths plays with toys	1
A youngster plays with a toy.	person walking on beach	0
A person with a green hat laying down on the ground.	A person is wearing a blue hat.	0
A person with a green hat laying down on the ground.	A person is wearing a green hat.	1
A boy smiles while he loads up his toy with fake bullets.	A boy plays with his toy car.	0
A boy smiles while he loads up his toy with fake bullets.	A boy plays with a toy gun.	1
A smiling young boy loads a foam gun with darts.	A smiling young boy playing with a toy gun.	1
A smiling young boy loads a foam gun with darts.	A smiling young boy loads a pellet gun.	0
A young man with a black shirt and gray pants smiling looking down as he plays with a yellow and blue toy in the dark.	A young man plays with a toy in the dark.	1
A young man with a black shirt and gray pants smiling looking down as he plays with a yellow and blue toy in the dark.	A young man plays his violin at the school play.	0
A little boy in a black t-shirt plays with a toy NERF gun.	A little boy in black plays with a toy gun.	1
A little boy in a black t-shirt plays with a toy NERF gun.	a little boy in red plays with a dog.	0
A group of people both adult and children stand around a bunch of sheep.	A crowd of people stand around some farm animals	1
A group of people both adult and children stand around a bunch of sheep.	A lone teenager tends to a few sheep	0
A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field with a herd of sheep against a deep blue sky.	A group of people running in the snow.	0
A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field with a herd of sheep against a deep blue sky.	A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field with a herd of sheep .	1
Three kids and there parents tending to their pack of sheep.	The kids and the parents care for their herd of sheep.	1
Three kids and there parents tending to their pack of sheep.	The kids are walking the dogs.	0
Four children and a woman are tending sheep in an arid location.	A man pets a horse.	0
Four children and a woman are tending sheep in an arid location.	Five people tend sheep.	1
There are a group of people around a heard of sheep.	a group of people around sheep	1
There are a group of people around a heard of sheep.	one person around sheep	0
A man in a beret looks out the window of a vehicle.	The man isn't wearing a hat	0
A man in a beret looks out the window of a vehicle.	A man is wearing a beret	1
A boy at a gun range aims and shoots.	A lad fires a weapon.	1
A boy at a gun range aims and shoots.	Two men shoot a tyrant in the head with precision and accuracy.	0
A conductor of a train leans out of a window and looks to the right, while another man inside of the carriage looks towards some gauges.	The conductor of a train is seated comfortable while a man in a carriage steps off the train.	0
A conductor of a train leans out of a window and looks to the right, while another man inside of the carriage looks towards some gauges.	People watch a train go by.	0
A conductor of a train leans out of a window and looks to the right, while another man inside of the carriage looks towards some gauges.	There are two people on a train looking at different things.	1
A conductor of a train leans out of a window and looks to the right, while another man inside of the carriage looks towards some gauges.	People are on a train.	1
A conductor of a train leans out of a window and looks to the right, while another man inside of the carriage looks towards some gauges.	People run a train.	1
a man with a conductors hat sticks his head out the window and leans on the windowsill of the train.	A dog sticks his head out the window of a car.	0
a man with a conductors hat sticks his head out the window and leans on the windowsill of the train.	A man with a hat is on a train.	1
A train conductor looking out the window of a black train while the worker looks at the gauges.	The conductor is looking outside.	1
A train conductor looking out the window of a black train while the worker looks at the gauges.	The conductor is looking at a manual.	0
Man hanging out of the window of a train wearing a black jacket and hat.	The man is the copilot of the airplane.	0
Man hanging out of the window of a train wearing a black jacket and hat.	The man is on a train.	1
A little boy hits a baseball while his family watches	The little boy makes his family proud.	1
A little boy hits a baseball while his family watches	A boy scores a goal playing soccer with his sister.	0
Boy with black shirt and red batting helmet swinging bat at ball on ball field.	the woman grades a paper	0
Boy with black shirt and red batting helmet swinging bat at ball on ball field.	The boy is swinging a bat	1
A little boy batting with a red helmet on.	boy is reading story book in library	0
A little boy batting with a red helmet on.	a little boy batting wearing red helmet	1
A boy in a red helmet hits a ball with a bat.	The boy is playing volleyball.	0
A boy in a red helmet hits a ball with a bat.	The boy is playing a game.	1
A woman in an SUV looks to be crying as a fatherly figure places his hand on her cheek for reassurance.	The man is reassuring the crying woman.	1
A woman in an SUV looks to be crying as a fatherly figure places his hand on her cheek for reassurance.	The woman is playing in the park with her children.	0
A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	a lady is crying	1
A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	The woman is laughing.	0
A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	a lady is comforted	1
A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	The lady is happy.	0
A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	the lady is asleep at work	0
A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	A woman is crying.	1
A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	The woman has tears in her eyes.	1
A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	A young lady is crying.	1
A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	A young lady didn't see anything at all.	0
A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.	a lady is alone and happy while watching a movie	0
A man in a blue plaid shirt is comforting a crying woman in a black truck.	A man comforts a crying woman.	1
A man in a blue plaid shirt is comforting a crying woman in a black truck.	A woman comforts a crying man.	0
A man in a blue and white shirt shows concern for a girl in a suv.	Humans are interacting	1
A man in a blue and white shirt shows concern for a girl in a suv.	A man running on the ground	0
An older man sitting outside in the sun watching something under his umbrella.	The man is indoors.	0
An older man sitting outside in the sun watching something under his umbrella.	An older man is outside.	1
four men are on stage performing music.	The men are making noise.	1
four men are on stage performing music.	The men are silently praying in the church.	0
Older couple is covered in shadows by a bridge.	lion eats bird	0
Older couple is covered in shadows by a bridge.	couple near big building	0
Older couple is covered in shadows by a bridge.	couple covered in shadows	1
A man and woman standing under a covered patio with the sun beaming through the trellis slats.	Two people are standing.	1
A man and woman standing under a covered patio with the sun beaming through the trellis slats.	Two people are dancing in the snow.	0
Two elderly people in a dimly lit area.	Two elderly people are hit with spotlights.	0
Two elderly people in a dimly lit area.	Elderly people are in a dark area.	1
An older man wearing a vest looking into a dumpster.	An old man is looking into a dumpster.	1
An older man wearing a vest looking into a dumpster.	The old man is sitting at a table reading a book.	0
Young boy holding a baby in a run-down area.	The boy has the baby.	1
Young boy holding a baby in a run-down area.	The boy is holding a dog.	0
Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	Two young adults are playing basketball.	0
Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	Two young adults are at a rodeo.	1
Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	a rodeo is a safe place for all occupants	0
Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	Two young adults are at a horse event.	1
Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	there are people at the rodeo	1
Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	Two young adults are at a waterpark	0
Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	A bull escapes from the rodeo.	0
Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	A young adult helps another after an injury at a rodeo.	1
Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	Two aduts are at a rodeo.	1
Two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.	The bull is jumping into the crowd at a rodeo.	0
A cowboy in a rodeo puts a bandage on his forearm, getting ready for his ride.	a cowboy is going to milk the cows	0
A cowboy in a rodeo puts a bandage on his forearm, getting ready for his ride.	a cowboy has a bandage on his arm	1
A young woman is drilling holes in a rock with an impact drill	Daffy Duck is a pasta chef.	0
A young woman is drilling holes in a rock with an impact drill	A woman drills rock.	1
A young boy holds a small, dirty girl on his lap while wrapping her in his jacket.	The little boy is taking care of the young girl.	1
A young boy holds a small, dirty girl on his lap while wrapping her in his jacket.	The little boy is giving the little girl a bubble bath.	0
Two small children in poor conditions trying to survive the elements.	The childreen are poor.	1
Two small children in poor conditions trying to survive the elements.	The children are wealthy.	0
A young boy holds an infant which appears to be in distraught.	A young boy holds a crying baby.	1
A young boy holds an infant which appears to be in distraught.	A young boy sits next to a crying baby.	0
A brother holding his younger brother outside in cold air.	There is a brother and sister pair.	0
A brother holding his younger brother outside in cold air.	There are two brothers.	1
An old man wit a straw hat and umbrella is smiling while sitting and watching something in the distance.	The hat is made out of clay.	0
An old man wit a straw hat and umbrella is smiling while sitting and watching something in the distance.	There is a straw hat.	1
Three cheerleaders are rooting for their team.	The cheerleaders show their team support.	1
Three cheerleaders are rooting for their team.	The cheerleaders are taking a break.	0
A young boy wearing a red shirt with yellow writing on it and a red sports cap is squatted in shallow water and touching a yellow pail filled with sand.	The little kid with a red shirt and yellow letters, stood on a foot stool to reach both his hands into the dirty water in the sink.	0
A young boy wearing a red shirt with yellow writing on it and a red sports cap is squatted in shallow water and touching a yellow pail filled with sand.	The young boy in the red shirt had his finger touching the sand filled yellow pail.	1
A bride and her groom embracing.	The two people are swimming.	0
A bride and her groom embracing.	The bride and groom holding eachother.	1
Four snowsuit clad children climb up a snowy hillside.	Four children are outside in the snow.	1
Four snowsuit clad children climb up a snowy hillside.	It is summertime and warm outside.	0
Four children climbing up a snow covered hill.	Four children climb up an Icy palace in the Norwegian countryside	0
Four children climbing up a snow covered hill.	Four children are climbing on a snowy hill	1
Four kids climb a snowy hill, one struggles.	kids are climbing a hill covered with snow	1
Four kids climb a snowy hill, one struggles.	kids playing in the sand	0
A woman wearing a white gown and a man wearing a gray suit embracing.	A woman is wearing a white gown.	1
A woman wearing a white gown and a man wearing a gray suit embracing.	A dog is eating.	0
A bride and groom stand together in front of a wooden fence.	A man and woman are outside.	1
A bride and groom stand together in front of a wooden fence.	The bride is walking down the aisle to greet her groom.	0
A bride and groom are standing in front of a fence.	The bride and groom are dancing in the hotel.	0
A bride and groom are standing in front of a fence.	A bride and groom stand near a fence.	1
A man crosses a busy city street.	A man runs across a road without paying attention to traffic.	0
A man crosses a busy city street.	A man makes his way through traffic, no foot.	1
A man in a white shirt and tie walking across the street.	A man walks outside.	1
A man in a white shirt and tie walking across the street.	A woman walks across the street.	0
A man walks across a road with his tie flipped over his shoulder.	A woman walks across a road with her tie flipped over his shoulder.	0
A man walks across a road with his tie flipped over his shoulder.	A man walks across a street with his tie blowing in the wind	1
An older man in a nice dress shirt with a tie over his shoulder, walking across a street in downtown.	A man is sitting in a cafe down town.	0
An older man in a nice dress shirt with a tie over his shoulder, walking across a street in downtown.	A man is walking across a street downtown.	1
Two women with colorful hats sit in a field.	Two women are sitting.	1
Two women with colorful hats sit in a field.	The women are standing.	0
A man in a suit is holding a frying pan.	There is a man cooking.	1
A man in a suit is holding a frying pan.	The man is juggling.	0
A well dressed man holds a skillet in public.	A man dresses well.	1
A well dressed man holds a skillet in public.	The man is getting on a plane.	0
A man in a gray suit and purple tie is flipping a pancake in the middle of a sidewalk.	The person is flipping food.	1
A man in a gray suit and purple tie is flipping a pancake in the middle of a sidewalk.	The person is wearing a yellow suit.	0
A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	The man is in his kitchen, frying eggs on the stove.	0
A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	a guy is painting a house	0
A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	A man is flipping a pancake.	1
A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	A black haired male stands on the street flipping a pankcake.	1
A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	The man is dressed nicely.	1
A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	The man is pouring pancake batter all over his naked body.	0
A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	A man is cooking pancakes in his driveway.	1
A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	A man is cooking in his kitchen while his kids watch.	0
A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	a guy is cooking pancakes by his garage	1
A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.	THe dark haired man is chasing lions off his lawn.	0
This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A well dressed man is standing in front of a garage door.	1
This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A man is running a marathon.	0
This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A woman is cooking in the kitchen.	0
This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A man is holding a frying pan.	1
This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	The man is at church.	0
This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	This is a woman wearing a red jacket standing in front of a garage door.	0
This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A man is holding a boombox	0
This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A man is standing outside.	1
This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	The gentleman is standing in front of a garage door.	1
This is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.	A man stands in front of a garage.	1
A young man and woman interact with an elderly woman in a wheelchair.	A man and women are talking to an elderly women	1
A young man and woman interact with an elderly woman in a wheelchair.	A man and women are not talking to an elderly women	0
Two teenagers interacting with the elder population.	Some kids and old people.	1
Two teenagers interacting with the elder population.	Some middle aged people sit alone.	0
A man wearing a dark shirt and a girl wearing a dark tank top are standing next to an elderly lady seated in a wheelchair.	A man is wearing a light shirt	0
A man wearing a dark shirt and a girl wearing a dark tank top are standing next to an elderly lady seated in a wheelchair.	A man is wearing a dark shirt	1
2 people stand up wearing black at an old persons home, while some onlookers sit in wheelchairs nearby.	Some people are sitting while others are standing	1
2 people stand up wearing black at an old persons home, while some onlookers sit in wheelchairs nearby.	At the elementary school the people were waiting for lunch	0
A heavyset man is standing next to a building.	The man is overweight.	1
A heavyset man is standing next to a building.	The man is skinny.	0
A man is standing and talking to another man who is kneeling over some cables.	The man is near the other man.	1
A man is standing and talking to another man who is kneeling over some cables.	The man is praying in the church.	0
a little brown dog stands on his hind legs with a red toy in its mouth.	A dog stands with a toy in its mouth.	1
a little brown dog stands on his hind legs with a red toy in its mouth.	A dog is taking a nap.	0
A man in a black shirt about to blow out candles on a cake, one of the candles looking like a flare.	A person has a cake.	1
A man in a black shirt about to blow out candles on a cake, one of the candles looking like a flare.	A man is baking a cake for his customer at the bakery.	0
Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	There is a person next to a cake	1
Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	A man is sleeping.	0
Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	A man watches the sunset on the beach	0
Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	A man is celebrating the day of his birth.	1
Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	Man blows out cake candles	1
Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	It's a woman's birthday.	0
Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	It's a man's birthday.	1
Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	Woman blows out cake candles	0
Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	A person preparing	1
Man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.	A bird is drinking old milk from a pond.	0
Two men are sitting at a table in front of decorated birthday cake with rosebuds, candles, and a large light.	There is a birthday cake on the table.	1
Two men are sitting at a table in front of decorated birthday cake with rosebuds, candles, and a large light.	The men are standing in the kitchen.	0
A cake with five regular candles and one tall, spark shooting candle is on a table in front of two men.	A set of conjoined twins celebrate their birthday in complete darkness.	0
A cake with five regular candles and one tall, spark shooting candle is on a table in front of two men.	A decorated cake emits light.	1
An elderly man enjoys the view under an umbrella to prevent the sun rays.	The man is angry	0
An elderly man enjoys the view under an umbrella to prevent the sun rays.	A man has an umbrella	1
The man has a cake decorated with indoor fireworks.	The man has put fireworks in a decorated cake.	1
The man has a cake decorated with indoor fireworks.	The cake was very delicious.	0
A long line waits eagerly to get into a closed tent.	There is a long line at a tent	1
A long line waits eagerly to get into a closed tent.	There is nobody in line	0
A crowd is gathered behind the fence near a blue tent.	group of people sitting beside a campfire	0
A crowd is gathered behind the fence near a blue tent.	people gathered beside a blue tent	1
A crowd of people are in front of a tent that is closed.	Mice are running away from the cat.	0
A line of people is forming in front of a tent that appears to be closed to the public.	People are standing in line.	1
A line of people is forming in front of a tent that appears to be closed to the public.	People are sitting in a circle.	0
a group of people, restrained by fencing, wait at the entrance to a tent; there are signs at the entrance that read' tent closed'.	Some people are getting ready to go swimming.	0
a group of people, restrained by fencing, wait at the entrance to a tent; there are signs at the entrance that read' tent closed'.	Some people are behind a fence.	1
The woman in the green skirt is walking a path through the park.	The woman walks through the park.	1
The woman in the green skirt is walking a path through the park.	The woman walks through the zoo.	0
A woman with a large bag walks down the sidewalk.	Woman with empty hands lays down on the sidewalk.	0
A woman with a large bag walks down the sidewalk.	Person walks down a sidewalk.	1
a woman in a green skirt walking on a sidewalk.	a woman outside	1
a woman in a green skirt walking on a sidewalk.	a man walking a dog	0
A young girl walks alone while toting her bag.	A grown woman carries a scooter.	0
A young girl walks alone while toting her bag.	A young female carries a bag with her as she walks.	1
Woman walking down a sidewalk.	A person is on the sidewalk.	1
Woman walking down a sidewalk.	A woman is doing yoga in the park.	0
A father or family friend playing with baby in a very clean looking house.	The house is dirty looking.	0
A father or family friend playing with baby in a very clean looking house.	The male is inside the house.	1
A young man, wearing a black shirt with the word "love" across it, juggle three green balls.	man juggles	1
A young man, wearing a black shirt with the word "love" across it, juggle three green balls.	woman throws dart	0
A man is juggling 3 balls with a black t-shirt on with the word "love" on the collar.	A lady juggles five bowling pins.	0
A man is juggling 3 balls with a black t-shirt on with the word "love" on the collar.	A man juggles three balls.	1
An african american boy is standing in a caged area with his hand up to his face.	The boy is catching a ball with both hands.	0
An african american boy is standing in a caged area with his hand up to his face.	The African American boy is holding up a body part.	1
A young man wearing a beanie and a black shirt juggles neon green balls.	A woman is home watching television.	0
A young man wearing a beanie and a black shirt juggles neon green balls.	A man wearing has a juggling act.	1
One handsome looking man is juggling three green balls.	An attractive man has three balls.	1
One handsome looking man is juggling three green balls.	A woman is in possession of three balls.	0
A black man is on a bridge.	A man is elevated over water.	1
A black man is on a bridge.	The man is playing bridge with his neighbors.	0
The six children are laughing.	Seven children laugh.	0
The six children are laughing.	Six children laugh.	1
Woman plays with baby in contemporary styled living area.	A woman and a baby play at a park.	0
Woman plays with baby in contemporary styled living area.	The woman and baby are inside.	1
a group of young children standing in a row leaning against a wall.	A group of adults are standing outside a bar	0
a group of young children standing in a row leaning against a wall.	A group of children are leaning on a wall	1
A group of six children stands smiling and laughing in front of a wall.	One kid is crying.	0
A group of six children stands smiling and laughing in front of a wall.	Six kids are smiling.	1
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.	A person is water skiing.	0
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.	A person is on a mountain.	1
A group of children dressed in costume pose for a picture.	Children are taking a picture.	1
A group of children dressed in costume pose for a picture.	There are no people taking a photo.	0
A group of young adults gather on a low wall with pillars.	A group of humans near a pillar.	1
A group of young adults gather on a low wall with pillars.	A man sitting next to a pillar.	0
A group of young students are hanging out together in a university.	A lone student poses in front of the university library.	0
A group of young students are hanging out together in a university.	There is a group of young people together on the campus.	1
A group of hiply dressed young adults relax together.	A group of adults play softball.	0
A group of hiply dressed young adults relax together.	A group of adults relax together.	1
Two men wearing white boxing gloves are in a ring.	The men are in a skating rink.	0
Two men wearing white boxing gloves are in a ring.	Two males in a boxing ring.	1
a group of teen kids loitering.	A group of senior citizens are standing gossiping.	0
a group of teen kids loitering.	There is more then one person.	1
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.	Two men are inside.	1
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.	Two men are weightlifting.	0
The taller man is trying to block the shorter man.	The two men are swimming in the ocean.	0
The taller man is trying to block the shorter man.	Two men are close together.	1
A boy in a striped shirt blows bubbles through a bubble wand.	A boy is sleeping.	0
A boy in a striped shirt blows bubbles through a bubble wand.	A boy is blowing bubbles.	1
Five people wearing white shirts and white hats are in a kitchen cooking something.	There are people swimming.	0
Five people wearing white shirts and white hats are in a kitchen cooking something.	There are people indoors.	1
Several Asian cooks in a kitchen wearing white Dress Shirts.	Severl cooks are in a kitchen.	1
Several Asian cooks in a kitchen wearing white Dress Shirts.	Several asian cooks in a park wearing blue.	0
Several people cooking at a grill in a kitchen.	People are cooking.	1
Several people cooking at a grill in a kitchen.	People are walking along the beach.	0
A group of chefs cooking food.	The chefs are taking a break	0
A group of chefs cooking food.	Chefs are cooking	1
A boy blowing bubbles outside.	a boy is blowing bubbles	1
A boy blowing bubbles outside.	a woman is cooking dinner	0
A woman singing and playing a guitar on stage, solo.	A woman is singing	1
A woman singing and playing a guitar on stage, solo.	A woman is playing the guitar	1
A woman singing and playing a guitar on stage, solo.	A woman is sleeping.	0
A person sculpting something from a large rock.	The person can't decide on what to sculpt and has not begun to work yet.	0
A person sculpting something from a large rock.	The person is a sculptor.	1
A sculptor in a teal sweater works on stone with a chisel and mallet.	An artist is working on a piece of art.	1
A sculptor in a teal sweater works on stone with a chisel and mallet.	A painter works on an oil painting.	0
A sculptor in a blue sweater chiseling a piece of stone.	A sculptor in a sweater chiseling a piece of stone.	1
A sculptor in a blue sweater chiseling a piece of stone.	A sculptor in a red sweater chiseling a piece of stone.	0
A sculptor applies his chisel to a slab of rock, etching a pattern on its surface.	The man is starting to chisel into the rock.	1
A sculptor applies his chisel to a slab of rock, etching a pattern on its surface.	The artist is working on a big rock.	1
A sculptor applies his chisel to a slab of rock, etching a pattern on its surface.	The sculptor is working with clay.	0
A person in a blue sweater working on a large rock being held up by wood planks.	The person in a blue sweater sits on a rock.	0
A person in a blue sweater working on a large rock being held up by wood planks.	There is a rock on wood planks.	1
A group of young boys race on a snowy day.	A group of boys are making smores	0
A group of young boys race on a snowy day.	A group of boys are racing	1
The young runners are racing through the snow.	Runners in the snow.	1
The young runners are racing through the snow.	People sitting in the snow.	0
A group of children run a footrace in the snow.	Children are running in the snow.	1
A group of children run a footrace in the snow.	There is no snow outside.	0
An older man carrying bananas on his head in a basket.	A man is eating bananas.	0
An older man carrying bananas on his head in a basket.	There is a man delivering bananas.	1
A band playing music together.	The band is currently taking a break and there is no music.	0
A band playing music together.	The group works together to play music.	1
A man surfing on a big green wave.	A man is on a surfboard.	1
A man surfing on a big green wave.	A man on the beach is holding a surfboard.	0
A group of bicyclists racing.	The bicyclists are racing each other.	1
A group of bicyclists racing.	The bicyclists are not competing.	0
An african american man with a rosary around his neck is standing in a room.	A black man wearing a rosary necklace is inside.	1
An african american man with a rosary around his neck is standing in a room.	A black man plays pinball at an arcade.	0
A man in a blue shirt stands with his hands on his hips.	The man is standing upright.	1
A man in a blue shirt stands with his hands on his hips.	The man is reaching for the sky.	0
A man in a blue shirt standing in front of a doorway.	A male is losing is mind about the game.	0
A man in a blue shirt standing in front of a doorway.	A man standing near a room.	1
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.	The surfer is sleeping inside.	0
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.	The surfer is on water.	1
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.	The surfer is in the ocean.	1
Men in a cluster during a bike race	Men riding bicycles in a group.	1
Men in a cluster during a bike race	A group of men intensely watching a greyhound race.	0
A group of bikers pedal along.	A boy pushes his toy around the yard.	0
A group of bikers pedal along.	A group of cyclists.	1
A surfer rides out the green and white waves.	The surfer never gets wet.	0
A surfer rides out the green and white waves.	A surfer is in the water.	1
People in warm coats peruse produce at a tented outdoor market.	People in coats are outside at a market.	1
People in warm coats peruse produce at a tented outdoor market.	People in shorts and t-shirts are at the outdoor market.	0
A little orange cabin with a white dog running near it in the woods.	A dog running in the woods.	1
A little orange cabin with a white dog running near it in the woods.	A white cat next to a red cabin in the valley.	0
Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	A person is standing in a room smoking and another person is also standing nearby.	1
Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	The two people were fighting.	0
Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	There is smoke in the room.	1
Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	Two people are in a room sitting.	0
Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	Two people are seated next to one another in an empty garage.	0
Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	The room is underwater.	0
Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	The two people were hanging out together	1
Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	Two people are in a room and standing.	1
Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	The two people are sitting by a table.	0
Two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.	Two people are in a room.	1
Four old adults stand around a bathtub while a toddler is taking a bath.	a couple was there	1
A bunch of people watching a child in the bathtub.	A bunch of people watching a child in the bathtub	1
A bunch of people watching a child in the bathtub.	The child was watching a bunch of people take a bath	0
The two dogs are outside.	There are two dogs outside.	1
The two dogs are outside.	There is two cats outside.	0
A puppy with blue eyes runs, an older dog with blue eyes stands behind.	A puppy is running while being watched by an older dog.	1
A puppy with blue eyes runs, an older dog with blue eyes stands behind.	A puppy rolls in the grass.	0
A baby takes a bath while grownups watch.	A baby is being cared for by adults.	1
A baby takes a bath while grownups watch.	A teenager is in the shower.	0
An adult Australian Shepherd follows behind a running Australian Shepherd puppy.	Two dogs are running outside.	1
An adult Australian Shepherd follows behind a running Australian Shepherd puppy.	A puppy is running towards its owner.	0
An adult Australian Shepherd follows behind a running Australian Shepherd puppy.	An adult dog is running after a kitten.	0
A big tri-colored and a smaller puppy with light blue eyes are playing together.	The animals are not in the same area	0
A big tri-colored and a smaller puppy with light blue eyes are playing together.	There are animals playing together.	1
Woman with blond-hair singing into a microphone.	A man with dark hair is singing into a microphone	0
Woman with blond-hair singing into a microphone.	A person is performing a song.	1
Blond Singer performs as spectators dance around her.	The blond singer is not allowed to sing for 3 weeks because she has lost her voice and could injure it.	0
Blond Singer performs as spectators dance around her.	The person is singing for the crowd of people.	1
A blond singer is performing as people dance behind her.	Mick Jagger sweats on a microphone while children play with blocks.	0
A blond singer is performing as people dance behind her.	A person with blond hair sings while people dance.	1
Blond win sunglasses singing.	there is music	1
Blond win sunglasses singing.	the room is quiet and dark and no one is making a sound	0
a family sitting on some wooden stairs.	A house build with wooden stairs and the family is enjoying sitting on them	1
a family sitting on some wooden stairs.	Cats and dogs love to poop on the ground	0
A young girl is shoveling snow in front of a house.	A girl shovels snow.	1
A young girl is shoveling snow in front of a house.	A girl shovels dirt for a garden.	0
The child is shoveling deep white snow near the house.	The child is shoveling snow.	1
The child is shoveling deep white snow near the house.	The child is drinking hot apple cider inside his father's house.	0
2 girls laying down on the grass.	The girls are running through the meadow.	0
2 girls laying down on the grass.	The girls are lying on the grass.	1
A warmly dressed person is shoveling snow outside a house.	a person is lounging in a pool	0
A warmly dressed person is shoveling snow outside a house.	the snow is being moved around	1
Two young boys, dressed in full white martial arts uniforms with black, red, and white belts, are demonstrating a high kick move.	Two young girls are performing karate and demonstrating a chop.	0
Two young boys, dressed in full white martial arts uniforms with black, red, and white belts, are demonstrating a high kick move.	The boys know martial arts.	1
A person in a red shirt stands against a brick wall.	The person is standing against a wall.	1
A person in a red shirt stands against a brick wall.	The person is standing against a fence.	0
A man being pulled behind a sled led by numerous dogs in the snow.	A man is outside.	1
A man being pulled behind a sled led by numerous dogs in the snow.	A man is sleeping.	0
Two girls playing a soccer game with a red and white ball.	People are sitting around playing cards.	0
Two girls playing a soccer game with a red and white ball.	Young females are outside.	1
Four girls playing soccer on a field as their coach looks on.	The girls hate soccer.	0
Four girls playing soccer on a field as their coach looks on.	The girls are on a team.	1
Two young women partake in a game of soccer.	two women are inside having tea	0
Two young women partake in a game of soccer.	two young women are enjoying themselves on a soccer field	1
A young teenager is getting ready to kick a soccer ball.	A boy is sleeping.	0
A young teenager is getting ready to kick a soccer ball.	A teenager is playing soccer.	1
A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	A man is getting ready to take a picture.	1
A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	a man is preparing	1
A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	A man in a yellow shirt is takeing a picture of models in a room.	0
A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	The figurines are dancing in the field.	0
A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	A photographer.	1
A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	the man is sleeping	0
A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	A plastic toy dancing on its own.	0
A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	The man in the blue shirt is carrying a box that he just packed all the figurines in.	0
A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	A man is preparing to taking a picture of figurines.	1
A man in a blue shirt preparing to take a picture of figurines on a small red table.	A man is getting ready to take a picture.	1
Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	The girls are near the camera.	1
Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	The girls are at a movie theater.	0
Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	Two girls lay on the grass.	1
Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	Two young girls listening to alien speeches.	0
Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	Some girls are laying on the grass listening to music.	1
Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	The two girls are outdoors.	1
Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	The girls are at cello concert inside the school auditorium.	0
Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	Some girls are at home cooking.	0
Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	Two young girls listening to music.	1
Two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an iPod near a folding chair and several purses.	A couple of babies exchange rattles.	0
A businessman in gray slacks is standing at a food booth waiting to be served.	A business man is waiting to order food.	1
A businessman in gray slacks is standing at a food booth waiting to be served.	A business man wants to be served an elephant.	0
Two girls lay stomach-down in the grass while sharing headphones to an mp3 player.	Two girls listen to an mp3 player together.	1
Two girls lay stomach-down in the grass while sharing headphones to an mp3 player.	Two girls sit together in silence.	0
A family photo on top of a mountain with a beautiful view behind them.	A mountain goat is grazing on a mountain.	0
A family photo on top of a mountain with a beautiful view behind them.	A family poses on top of a mountain.	1
Two adults and a child are standing on a rock with mountains in the background.	Three people stop to feed the ducks in a pond	0
Two adults and a child are standing on a rock with mountains in the background.	People stand on a stone in front of a precipice.	0
Three people, an adult asian in white, a white male in green, and an asian child stand for a portrait overlooking many mountains covered in trees.	Three people have their picture taken in front of a mountain.	1
Three people, an adult asian in white, a white male in green, and an asian child stand for a portrait overlooking many mountains covered in trees.	Three little kids chase each other around taking pictures of each other.	0
Two guys with long hair standing in front of a window.	the men stand by the window	1
Two guys with long hair standing in front of a window.	the men eat grapes	0
Two men in black hoodies, one of which is smoking a cigarette standing next to a fire.	Two guys are near a fire.	1
Two men in black hoodies, one of which is smoking a cigarette standing next to a fire.	Two men are eating at a restaurant.	0
Two men standing by a fire at night.	the men are asleep in the motel	0
Two men standing by a fire at night.	two men are standing	1
Two men standing next to a fire at night.	Two men are taking a shower	0
Two men standing next to a fire at night.	There are two people awake at night	1
A group of women talk outside of a store.	Some people sleep.	0
A group of women talk outside of a store.	Some people talk.	1
People are standing on the sidewalk of a street.	People are on the sidewalk.	1
People are standing on the sidewalk of a street.	People are swimming in the ocean.	0
A town street is filled with people along with shops.	People are dancing.	0
A town street is filled with people along with shops.	People are in the street.	1
A young man and a woman are sleeping in a van.	two people are asleep	1
A young man and a woman are sleeping in a van.	the people are swimming in the red sea	0
A snowboarder flies off a huge jump.	A snowboarder signing autographs	0
A snowboarder flies off a huge jump.	A snowboarder takes a huge jump	1
A group of woman on a sidewalk.	Women are on a sidewalk	1
A group of woman on a sidewalk.	The women are inside a building	0
A cyclist is focusing on the race intently, as he looks ahead at all the other riders ahead of him.	A cyclist is focusing on the doughnut intently.	0
A cyclist is focusing on the race intently, as he looks ahead at all the other riders ahead of him.	A cyclist is focusing on the race intently, with plenty of riders ahead of him.	1
A man in a bike race wearing red and black shorts and shirt pedaling around a corner.	The man is competing outdoors.	1
A man in a bike race wearing red and black shorts and shirt pedaling around a corner.	The man is wearing a suit while riding.	0
An artsy photograph taken with a wide lens shows spandex-clad bicyclists pedaling.	A person is riding a bike.	1
An artsy photograph taken with a wide lens shows spandex-clad bicyclists pedaling.	A person is riding a stationary bike.	0
An artsy photograph taken with a wide lens shows spandex-clad bicyclists pedaling.	A woman in her pajamas makes coffee.	0
A cyclist is rounding a corner on a wet road.	A man is driving a car around a corner on a dry road.	0
A cyclist is rounding a corner on a wet road.	A cyclist is on a road.	1
Two bicyclists in a race with helmets.	boy plays nintendo	0
Two bicyclists in a race with helmets.	two guys on bikes	1
A child is happily playing on the slide.	The child is sleep outside.	0
A child is happily playing on the slide.	A child is playing on the slide	1
Two men are letting their dogs play together in the street.	two men are skydiving	0
Two men are letting their dogs play together in the street.	two men with dogs	1
A person wearing a helmet rides a dirty bike on a dirt path in the woods.	A person wearing a helmet rides a  bike on a dirt path.	1
A person wearing a helmet rides a dirty bike on a dirt path in the woods.	He navigated his ATV into the woods.	0
Two children laying on the floor with a group of wooden blocks above their heads.	Two children are sitting on chairs playing with blocks.	0
Two children laying on the floor with a group of wooden blocks above their heads.	Children are laying on the floor	1
A man and a woman dressed in jeans and white shirts sit and look off into the distance of a rocky terrain.	the two men are staring out across the flat desert terrain	0
A man and a woman dressed in jeans and white shirts sit and look off into the distance of a rocky terrain.	the man and women look off into the distance	1
A man with a funny hat is dancing at a park.	girl sleeps alone	0
A man with a funny hat is dancing at a park.	man dances at park	1
Several people fishing on a cloudy day.	People are fishing	1
Several people fishing on a cloudy day.	The people are sleeping outside.	0
A woman and some children standing on the pavement looking at a fountain that is frozen.	A woman and her children eating dinner at their home.	0
A woman and some children standing on the pavement looking at a fountain that is frozen.	A woman and some children are outdoors.	1
A woman with a colorful headscarf is walking down the street.	A woman standing indoors.	0
A woman with a colorful headscarf is walking down the street.	A woman walking outside.	1
two young girls lay on the carpet next to wooden blocks.	The girls are in a sand box.	0
two young girls lay on the carpet next to wooden blocks.	The girls are on the carpet.	1
Young people are playing in the snow while an older person seems to be taking pictures.	Young people play in the snow.	1
Young people are playing in the snow while an older person seems to be taking pictures.	People living in Los Angeles.	0
A black and a black dog are running side by side.	Two black dogs run next to each other	1
A black and a black dog are running side by side.	Two white dogs run next to each other	0
A male tennis player, wearing a white headband, misses an in-bounds ball.	A man has something light colored around his head.	1
A male tennis player, wearing a white headband, misses an in-bounds ball.	The person fails to return a ball that lands among the spectators in the bleachers.	0
A man in white playing tennis is still in midair after jumping to hit the ball.	The man is in the air.	1
A man in white playing tennis is still in midair after jumping to hit the ball.	The man is sitting on the bench during a timeout.	0
A man in a white shirt is playing tennis.	A man watches Serena Williams on TV.	0
A man in a white shirt is playing tennis.	A man playing tennis.	1
Tennis player uses backhand in a match, possibly a doubles match.	tennis players are playing a match	1
Tennis player uses backhand in a match, possibly a doubles match.	tennis players are smoking in a bar	0
A man and a woman sit on rocks.	Man and woman sit on rocks	1
A man and a woman sit on rocks.	Two people fighting	0
women in white shirt with scarf and sunglasses	A woman sits indoors.	0
women in white shirt with scarf and sunglasses	A woman is protecting her eyes from the sun.	1
The woman in the dress is playing guitar and performing on stage.	The woman is playing guitar.	1
The woman in the dress is playing guitar and performing on stage.	The woman is playing the piano at home.	0
A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	The woman is playing music.	1
A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	Somebody in the picture has played an instrument at least once in their life.	1
A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	The woman is plucking her eyebrows in front of a mirror at home.	0
A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	A woman is performing music.	1
A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	A woman plays drums in a garage with blue walls.	0
A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	A woman plays guitar.	1
A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	A woman playing the drums.	0
A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	A woman is mopping.	0
A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	The color green is not in the frame at all.	0
A woman is playing a guitar on stage with a green background.	A woman playing guitar on stage.	1
A woman in a dress playing her acoustic guitar.	A woman is playing her guitar.	1
A woman in a dress playing her acoustic guitar.	A woman is playing a ukelele.	0
a woman in a dress playing a brown guitar.	Guitar player	1
a woman in a dress playing a brown guitar.	woman walking	0
A woman is playing guitar on stage.	A girl is playing the drums on the floor	0
A woman is playing guitar on stage.	A woman is making sounds	1
A few Asian men and one Asian woman sitting at a couple of tables.	Some Asians are sitting down.	1
A few Asian men and one Asian woman sitting at a couple of tables.	Some Africans are watching a movie.	0
A group of people living on the street.	A group of homeless people scavenge for food.	0
A group of people living on the street.	A group of homeless people.	1
One man sitting at a bus stop.	Nobody is sitting.	0
One man sitting at a bus stop.	A person sitting	1
A man in a blue shirt sitting at a red table with three dolls on top.	A guy has some dolls at a table.	1
A man in a blue shirt sitting at a red table with three dolls on top.	A man in a red shirt is standing by himself.	0
Photo of a man sitting on a bench with a sign written in Spanish in background and the reflection of a lady walking from a mirrored wall.	a man is looking at a mirror	1
Photo of a man sitting on a bench with a sign written in Spanish in background and the reflection of a lady walking from a mirrored wall.	there is a boy running by	0
A middle-aged man in a business suit is seated at a bus stop shelter, with Hispanic writing showing on the shelter's sign.	The man is waiting for his car.	0
A middle-aged man in a business suit is seated at a bus stop shelter, with Hispanic writing showing on the shelter's sign.	There is a man sitting on a bus stop/	1
A man in a business suit sitting at a bus stop waiting for a bus.	A business man is outdoors waiting for the buss.	1
A man in a business suit sitting at a bus stop waiting for a bus.	The man is riding in a boat.	0
This group of young people is sitting on the floor.	The group of young people is standing in a circle.	0
This group of young people is sitting on the floor.	A group of young people is sitting on the ground.	1
A woman is attending to an orange juice machine.	A woman is practicing her singing.	0
A woman is attending to an orange juice machine.	A woman is working on an orange juice machine.	1
A group of women in red shirts singing together.	the men are wearing blue shirts and reading a book together	0
A group of women in red shirts singing together.	the women are wearing red.	1
A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman is making a sandcastle on the beach.	0
A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman is going to go sledding on her shovel down the street.	0
A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman wearing a coat is standing in the snow with a shovel.	1
A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman is shoveling snow.	1
A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman is standing next to a phone booth	1
A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	Beth clears the walkway after the blizzard	1
A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	The woman is inside making dinner.	0
A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	Penguin runs amuck at black tie social	0
A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman is standing next to her fireplace	0
A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.	A woman is standing outside in the snow.	1
A baseball pitch in South Carolina where the batter is wearing white and blue, and is being watched closely by four other men.	people play baseball	1
A baseball pitch in South Carolina where the batter is wearing white and blue, and is being watched closely by four other men.	The batter is wearing white and blue.	1
A baseball pitch in South Carolina where the batter is wearing white and blue, and is being watched closely by four other men.	a cat eats a treat	0
A baseball pitch in South Carolina where the batter is wearing white and blue, and is being watched closely by four other men.	The game is taking place in North Korea.	0
A panel of men and women attending a conference.	people attend conference	1
A panel of men and women attending a conference.	a dog sleeps	0
A cook prepares a meal in the kitchen.	The man orders take out for dinner.	0
A cook prepares a meal in the kitchen.	Someone is cooking in the kitchen.	1
A child playing with a yellow bucket on a beach.	A kid plays on the beach.	1
A child playing with a yellow bucket on a beach.	A kid takes a nap.	0
There is a large hole in the road.	The large hole in the yard is from a sinkhole.	0
There is a large hole in the road.	The road developed a big hole.	1
White man with a green shirt and denim pants with a hammer and chisel, creating some sort of artwork.	Black man with a chisel	0
White man with a green shirt and denim pants with a hammer and chisel, creating some sort of artwork.	White man with artwork	1
A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	The man working on the sculpture has chin-length hair.	1
A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man with long hair is sculpting.	1
A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man with shoulder-length hair works on a sculpture.	0
A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	The man is painting a picture.	0
A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A woman is welding iron.	0
A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	The man is working on a sculpture.	1
A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man is playing checkers.	0
A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man is an artist.	1
A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man is sculpting.	1
A man with chin-length light hair works on a sculpture.	A man is painting a picture.	0
Hispanic people shop in an outdoor market.	People are buying clothes outdoors.	1
Hispanic people shop in an outdoor market.	A man spray paints the sign.	0
A man is swinging a tool at his sculpture.	The man is working on his art.	1
A man is swinging a tool at his sculpture.	The man is eating pizza.	0
Two people talking on the side of the street standing with a gas can.	People holding a conversation.	1
Two people talking on the side of the street standing with a gas can.	Two people swimming in a pool.	0
People are walking down a street in a city.	The people are riding on an elevator.	0
People are walking down a street in a city.	The people are outside walking.	1
Two men workers doing their job with their supervisor.	Two men are taking their lunch break.	0
Two men workers doing their job with their supervisor.	Two men are working.	1
One Asian cook watches another cook on a griddle in a commercial kitchen.	One Asian cook is watching another cook on  a griddle in a commercial kitchen	1
One Asian cook watches another cook on a griddle in a commercial kitchen.	Two Italian teachers are yelliing at other in school.	0
A man in a collared shirt talking to another man in sunglasses.	Two men are talking.	1
A man in a collared shirt talking to another man in sunglasses.	A naked man is talking to another man.	0
Man on the street, in blue striped shirt, talking to a man with glasses.	Two men are having a conversation.	1
Man on the street, in blue striped shirt, talking to a man with glasses.	A man in a blue shirt is flirting with a woman with glasses.	0
Two men talking, both in blue shirts.	Two men are wearing blue.	1
Two men talking, both in blue shirts.	Three men wearing white say nothing.	0
Two men standing around talking by a city street.	Two men speak to each other.	1
Two men standing around talking by a city street.	Two men speak by the road in a rural environment.	0
A person is riding a dune buggy up a sandy hill.	A person is inside eating dinner in their windowless dining room.	0
A person is riding a dune buggy up a sandy hill.	A person is outside on a dune buggy.	1
A man in bright clothing plays an instrument on the street.	A musician in colorful clothes performs indoors.	0
A man in bright clothing plays an instrument on the street.	A musician in colorful clothes performs outside.	1
Two girls in red jerseys playing soccer	Two girls are playing soccer	1
Two girls in red jerseys playing soccer	An old woman is sleeping.	0
Two chefs in an Asian restaurant one cooking on a hibachi type girl the other standing by the refrigerators smiling for the camera.	The group of adults are waiting in line at the retail store.	0
Two chefs in an Asian restaurant one cooking on a hibachi type girl the other standing by the refrigerators smiling for the camera.	Two adults inside a building.	1
Two girls are playing soccer with orange and white uniforms.	Girls are sleeping.	0
Two girls are playing soccer with orange and white uniforms.	Girls are playing soccer.	1
Two girls in jerseys running toward a soccer ball	The girls are playing soccer.	1
Two girls in jerseys running toward a soccer ball	Two girls in jerseys are running away from a skunk.	0
Two little girls in red and white strips are chasing after a soccer ball.	Two girls are in red and white stripes	1
Two little girls in red and white strips are chasing after a soccer ball.	The girls are in a black shirt	0
Two girls in red soccer uniforms running after a soccer ball.	Two girls are playing a game of soccer.	1
Two girls in red soccer uniforms running after a soccer ball.	Two girls are playing cricket.	0
A man bicycles through a parking lot.	The man has a car.	0
A man bicycles through a parking lot.	A man has a bicycle.	1
Two people huddle together on a brownstone door stoop.	Two people are outside.	1
Two people huddle together on a brownstone door stoop.	A single person is knocking on a door.	0
A person wearing a gray sweatshirt bikes through an alley full of parked cars on a cool fall day.	The person is running away from the cops.	0
A person wearing a gray sweatshirt bikes through an alley full of parked cars on a cool fall day.	A person is outside.	1
A person is a riding a bike through a parking lot with dead trees in the background.	A person is riding a bike.	1
A person is a riding a bike through a parking lot with dead trees in the background.	The person is walking.	0
A parking lot with a bicyclist riding through it.	a woman falling off a bike in a parking lot	0
A parking lot with a bicyclist riding through it.	a human riding a bike in a parking lot	1
A person riding a bike in a parking lot.	A person is riding a skateboard.	0
A person riding a bike in a parking lot.	A person is riding a bike.	1
Two painters standing on a ladder are painting the outside of a business, with a man in a red burgundy shirt talking on a cell.	Men play ring-around-the-rosies.	0
Two painters standing on a ladder are painting the outside of a business, with a man in a red burgundy shirt talking on a cell.	Men paint a business.	1
Women and a younger child riding on a carousal, both are wearing blue coats.	They are at home.	0
Women and a younger child riding on a carousal, both are wearing blue coats.	The Mother and child have blue coats are on the carousal.	1
A female child with a towel next to a sink.	Girl dances to Vagner.	0
A female child with a towel next to a sink.	Girls sits by sink with towel.	1
A shirtless man is having a conversation with a seated man while a blond woman sleeps.	A shirtless woman is having a conversation with a seated man while a blond woman sleeps.	0
A shirtless man is having a conversation with a seated man while a blond woman sleeps.	A man is having a conversation with another man while a blond woman sleeps.	1
a couple cuddling in a corner on a set of stares	A couple is holding hands while walking down the street,.	0
a couple cuddling in a corner on a set of stares	A couple is having some alone time together.	1
A man is bent over by an old stone wall, looking into his backpack.	A man is indoors.	0
A man is bent over by an old stone wall, looking into his backpack.	A man is near a structure.	1
A man in a maroon shirt is outside bending down next to a concrete wall.	A man wearing a maroon shirt is beside a wall.	1
A man in a maroon shirt is outside bending down next to a concrete wall.	The man is standing upright next to a concrete wall.	0
A man standing bent over in front of an overpass.	A man is out side.	1
A man standing bent over in front of an overpass.	A man is driving a car.	0
A person in black pants bends over near a concrete wall.	A naked person stands straight next to the wooden wall.	0
A person in black pants bends over near a concrete wall.	A person in dark colored pants is twisting himself.	1
A person in a red jacket bending over.	The person is not wearing a shirt.	0
A person in a red jacket bending over.	The person is on their feet.	1
A man holds a sign reading "HOMELESS ANYTHING HELPS" near a construction site.	A human with a sign.	1
A man holds a sign reading "HOMELESS ANYTHING HELPS" near a construction site.	Nobody has a sign	0
A dog on an obstacle platform and a man.	A dog on an obstacle platform.	1
A dog on an obstacle platform and a man.	A cat on an obstacle platform and a man.	0
Men, wearing orange safety vests, are standing on scaffolding.	Men wearing safety vests ride a life raft.	0
Men, wearing orange safety vests, are standing on scaffolding.	Man wearing safety vests standing on a scaffold.	1
Only the hands and arms of a person painting another person's arm.	A person is painting another individual.	1
Only the hands and arms of a person painting another person's arm.	A sculptor is making a statue.	0
A woman in a black jacket reaches into her black purse at a vegetable market as a crowd walks behind her.	The crowd walks in fron of the woman.	0
A woman in a black jacket reaches into her black purse at a vegetable market as a crowd walks behind her.	The purse is black.	1
A woman is sitting in front of a computer.	A woman moved away from her computer.	0
A woman is sitting in front of a computer.	A woman is looking at her computer.	1
Two people wearing jeans huddle near a wooden door, sheilding their faces from the camera.	The people aren't wearing jeans	0
Two people wearing jeans huddle near a wooden door, sheilding their faces from the camera.	There are two people	1
Adult male in red hoodie lecturing a group of children outside.	the man is in a classroom	0
Adult male in red hoodie lecturing a group of children outside.	a man is talking to children	1
Several older people stand in front of a food booth.	People stand in front of a performing dog.	0
Several older people stand in front of a food booth.	People stand in front of a food booth.	1
A woman is covering her eyes with her hands.	A woman is holding her hands over her eyes.	1
A woman is covering her eyes with her hands.	A woman is looking through a pair of bincoculars.	0
Some people are standing near a booth and looking at things.	Some people looking at things near a booth.	1
Some people are standing near a booth and looking at things.	Some people riding dirtbikes on the moon.	0
A group of elderly people stand around a booth at a food co-op.	Young people are picking tomatoes	0
A group of elderly people stand around a booth at a food co-op.	Old people are out in a food store	1
A man walking down a street by a garage.	The lady is driving by.	0
A man walking down a street by a garage.	The man is walking.	1
A person walking past a brick shed.	A person is running in the Olympics.	0
A person walking past a brick shed.	A person is walking.	1
A man in a blue and purple striped shirt and hat is walking past a brick building.	A man is sleeping.	0
A man in a blue and purple striped shirt and hat is walking past a brick building.	A man is walking past a building	1
Some women are looking at items on a table.	Some women are jogging in the park.	0
Some women are looking at items on a table.	Women are looking at objects grouped together.	1
A young woman in striped turtleneck blouse is sitting in an office and working on an Apple computer.	The woman is naked	0
A young woman in striped turtleneck blouse is sitting in an office and working on an Apple computer.	The woman is wearing clothes	1
Four people stare over a fence at the view of a mountain.	The people look at the mountain.	1
Four people stare over a fence at the view of a mountain.	The group is sitting inside watching TV.	0
A motorcycle rider doing a wheelie.	There is a person on a vehicle.	1
A motorcycle rider doing a wheelie.	The man just fell off his motorcycle.	0
Two small girls dressed as fairies.	Two small girls are dressed	1
Two small girls dressed as fairies.	Two small girls are not dressed	0
Young man surfing in the ocean.	The man is using a surf board.	1
Young man surfing in the ocean.	A young man is walking his dog.	0
Children cluster together, toting their luggage.	Children are carrying luggage.	1
Children cluster together, toting their luggage.	Children are fighting a dragon.	0
A surfer hangs in the air over the water.	A man hangs in the air.	1
A surfer hangs in the air over the water.	A woman flails in the water.	0
A boy on a surfboard in midair.	A boy is in the water.	1
A boy on a surfboard in midair.	The boy is on the beach.	0
Youth in white T-shirt on a white surfboard in the water.	Youth in white T-shirt on a white surfboard in the water.	1
Youth in white T-shirt on a white surfboard in the water.	A youth in a white t-shirt was walking in the mall.	0
A young man jumps with a surfboard over the waves.	A man swimming in the pool	0
A young man jumps with a surfboard over the waves.	A man in water on a surfboard.	1
A man is smoking at sunset.	The time in the picture is probably somewhere between 3PM and 9PM.	1
A man is smoking at sunset.	Nobody who is in the frame has ever smoked anything in their life.	0
A man is smoking at sunset.	A person is repairing a mailbox.	0
A man is smoking at sunset.	A man is smoking.	1
A man is smoking at sunset.	the men are asleep in the motel	0
A man is smoking at sunset.	A man smoking.	1
A man is smoking at sunset.	A man is smoking at sunrise.	0
A man is smoking at sunset.	A man eating.	0
A man is smoking at sunset.	A guy is smoking in the evening.	1
A man is smoking at sunset.	a man smokes	1
A bearded man leans back and smokes a cigarette while the sun sets over a body of water in the background.	man smokes	1
A bearded man leans back and smokes a cigarette while the sun sets over a body of water in the background.	girl drinks coke	0
A man is lying down next to a river and smoking a cigarette.	a woman is lying down	0
A man is lying down next to a river and smoking a cigarette.	a man is lying down	1
A young man leans his head back as he smokes during sunset.	A young man exercising in the room.	0
A young man leans his head back as he smokes during sunset.	A young man smoking.	1
A man plays guitar along the side of a street.	A man uses an instrument to make music.	1
A man plays guitar along the side of a street.	A man reads from a book and lectures an audience inside a conference room.	0
Man taking off his shoes on a set of stairs.	The man is already barefoot.	0
Man taking off his shoes on a set of stairs.	Someone is in the stairwell.	1
A man in orange shorts sits on some steps in front of a big blue door.	A young man sits on a horse as it gallops.	0
A man in orange shorts sits on some steps in front of a big blue door.	A man in shorts sits on some steps.	1
A man is sitting on steps with his legs crossed with a green scarf.	A man standing on steps with a red scarf.	0
A man is sitting on steps with his legs crossed with a green scarf.	A person sitting on steps.	1
A black man is pulling a blue shirt while distracted.	The man is touching a shirt.	1
A black man is pulling a blue shirt while distracted.	The man is completely focused on what he is doing and not distracted in any way.	0
a man sitting on steps with headphones and sandals	A man is sitting down on stairs.	1
a man sitting on steps with headphones and sandals	The man is standing on the steps.	0
Man in business suite leaning on lion statue.	The man is dressed for business.	1
Man in business suite leaning on lion statue.	This tycoon just paid all his taxes, reduced his salary, and gave the custodian a raise.	0
A man leans against a statue in front of a building.	a man is sleeping on a bench	0
A man leans against a statue in front of a building.	a man on leaning on a statue	1
A man is leaning on an object beside a building.	A man is outside by a building.	1
A man is leaning on an object beside a building.	A man is seated on a park bench in the open park.	0
A man dressed in blue leans against a lion statue.	The man is jogging.	0
A man dressed in blue leans against a lion statue.	The lion statue is sturdy.	1
A man is shoveling snow next to a Nissan Altima with New Jersey plates.	A Nissan Altima in NJ has a man shoveling snow next to it.	1
A man is shoveling snow next to a Nissan Altima with New Jersey plates.	A man goes to the beach in NJ.	0
A man is working out in the outdoors.	A man is outside.	1
A man is working out in the outdoors.	A dong is swimming.	0
a man wearing a hat, sunglasses, gloves and a jacket holds a shovel on a snowy street in front of a gray nissan Altima.	Someone is outside in the snow.	1
a man wearing a hat, sunglasses, gloves and a jacket holds a shovel on a snowy street in front of a gray nissan Altima.	The man uses a blower to move the snow.	0
Woman goes rock climbing.	Woman rock climbing.	1
Woman goes rock climbing.	Woman goes shopping.	0
person in orange clothing lying on a wall	A person dressed in orange is laying on a wall.	1
person in orange clothing lying on a wall	The person is wearing a pink rain coat while running through the forest.	0
A dog runs along a beach near the waves.	The dog is swimming in the water.	0
A dog runs along a beach near the waves.	A dog is running.	1
a large group of people in red uniforms are playing in a band.	People are laying down.	0
a large group of people in red uniforms are playing in a band.	A band is playing.	1
A man with red earphones is working on a red and white painted hot rod from Team ACE Racing.	A man in blue earphones is jogging in central park.	0
A man with red earphones is working on a red and white painted hot rod from Team ACE Racing.	A man in earphones is fixing a broken hotrod.	0
A man with red earphones is working on a red and white painted hot rod from Team ACE Racing.	A man is messing with a Team ACE hotrod.	1
A man in a dark shirt and wearing earmuffs is checking the engine of a red and white race car while another man wearing sunglasses looks on.	Nobody is checking	0
A man in a dark shirt and wearing earmuffs is checking the engine of a red and white race car while another man wearing sunglasses looks on.	A human checking	1
A man in a black t-shirt works on a race car.	The man is working on something.	1
A man in a black t-shirt works on a race car.	The man is working on a truck.	0
A man services a red and white hot rod dragster car.	A man is working on a motorcycle.	0
A man services a red and white hot rod dragster car.	There is a man near a red and white dragster.	1
A man is spraying something on this drag car.	There is a drag car getting sprayed	1
A man is spraying something on this drag car.	A man is walking away from this drag car	0
An elderly person is getting their haircut by another person wearing a cap, in front of a sign with Chinese characters.	Someone is getting their haircut.	1
An elderly person is getting their haircut by another person wearing a cap, in front of a sign with Chinese characters.	A person is getting hair extensions.	0
A woman in black walks down a street with luggage.	A woman is walking	1
A woman in black walks down a street with luggage.	A man is walking down the street	0
A tribesman makes his way up a tree with his feet and his hands.	A man is inside talking on the phone.	0
A tribesman makes his way up a tree with his feet and his hands.	A man is outside climbing a tree.	1
People are gathered at a bar.	The people are attending church.	0
People are gathered at a bar.	There are people in the bar.	1
A man in sunglasses, a red striped sweater, and a leather jacket smiles and points his finger.	A man in sunglasses and a leather jacket points while smiling	1
A man in sunglasses, a red striped sweater, and a leather jacket smiles and points his finger.	A man in sunglasses and a leather jacket is riding a motorcycle	0
A man climbs through trees like a monkey.	The man could fall out of the tree if he isn't careful.	1
A man climbs through trees like a monkey.	The man is out in his rowboat fishing on the rainy day.	0
male construction workers observing something from a construction site.	A construction worker observing the site.	1
male construction workers observing something from a construction site.	An office worker typing on a computer.	0
A crowd runs on a wide track for a race.	a crowd of people sits around	0
A crowd runs on a wide track for a race.	some people compete	1
A young man looking at the sky through a personal telescope in the evening.	The young man is building a bird house.	0
A young man looking at the sky through a personal telescope in the evening.	There is a young man using a telescope.	1
Young girls wearing green jerseys and black shorts stretch their legs.	The girls are skipping rope.	0
Young girls wearing green jerseys and black shorts stretch their legs.	The girls are wearing uniforms.	1
One black man and one caucasian man are at the front of the pack of otherwise predominantly Asian track runners; all wearing shorts, running shoes and numbered paper race-bibs.	There are asian track runners by the black and caucasian man.	1
One black man and one caucasian man are at the front of the pack of otherwise predominantly Asian track runners; all wearing shorts, running shoes and numbered paper race-bibs.	The black man and caucasian man are in front of a group of horses.	0
A young women's soccer team with green uniforms is performing a stretching exercise.	A young women's soccer team with blue uniforms is performing a stretching exercise.	0
A young women's soccer team with green uniforms is performing a stretching exercise.	The girls' soccer team are warming up.	1
A group a man with numbers pinned to their shirts run in a race.	A group of men are moving supplies around in a garage.	0
A group a man with numbers pinned to their shirts run in a race.	A group of men are in a race.	1
A marathon of runners running on a red track.	Runners are on a track.	1
A marathon of runners running on a red track.	Workers are taking a break.	0
A man in a blue sweater and brown pants, pushed a young girl wearing a white shirt and blue jeans on a scooter down the sidewalk.	The people are clothed	1
A man in a blue sweater and brown pants, pushed a young girl wearing a white shirt and blue jeans on a scooter down the sidewalk.	the man is sitting on the lawn.	0
Child in blue dress holding sandal in one hand and eating blue cotton candy with other hand.	The child has nothing to eat.	0
Child in blue dress holding sandal in one hand and eating blue cotton candy with other hand.	A child's hands are full.	1
Man with a cigarette in his mouth bent over talking to an old women in a pink cap.	A woman is chewing gum while lecturing her young daughter.	0
Man with a cigarette in his mouth bent over talking to an old women in a pink cap.	A man is smoking a cigarette.	1
A young man sets up his telescope for night viewing.	a girl set up her telescope	0
A young man sets up his telescope for night viewing.	a man is setting up his telescope	1
Too older people with baskets.	Two humans with containers to hold things.	1
Too older people with baskets.	A dog with a bone runs in a driveway.	0
A girl in a blue dress sitting on the ground eating cotton candy.	The girl is wearing red.	0
A girl in a blue dress sitting on the ground eating cotton candy.	The girl is wearing blue.	1
A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A man falls asleep fishing.	1
A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A man has a blue jacket.	1
A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	The man is swimming in the ocean on top of the moon.	0
A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A person in a jacket	1
A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A man has fallen asleep in his chair.	1
A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A man falls asleep on his couhc.	0
A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A man is currently jet skiing	0
A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	The man has his eyes closed.	1
A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	The person is wide awake.	0
A man in a blue jacket has fallen asleep while sitting on a fold-able chair, with a fishing pole and a green umbrella.	A man has a green jacket.	0
One man, in a blue jacket, is sitting in the rain under a green umbrella.	Rain is falling from the sky.	1
One man, in a blue jacket, is sitting in the rain under a green umbrella.	The jacket and umbrella are the same color.	0
A man is fishing on the dock despite the dreary weather.	the man is wearing protective clothing	1
A man is fishing on the dock despite the dreary weather.	the man is inside washing dishes	0
A man relaxes in a chair as he fishes on a rainy day.	A man is fishing.	1
A man relaxes in a chair as he fishes on a rainy day.	A man is playing xbox.	0
An audience is watching and waiting for something to happen.	A lone stalker is window peeping.	0
An audience is watching and waiting for something to happen.	The crowd of watchers is waiting for an occurrence.	1
A group of people and a dog sitting on concrete bleachers.	A group of people and a dog are sitting outside.	1
A group of people and a dog sitting on concrete bleachers.	A group of people and a dog are sitting on the ground.	0
A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	Some dogs watch a basketball game.	0
A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	People are watching a performance.	1
A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	A dog sits with people watching a performance on a basketball court.	1
A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	Group of people at a football game.	0
A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	A dog is playing basketball.	0
A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	The group of people came with the dog.	1
A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	The people are watching volleyball.	0
A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	The people with an animal are watching a game.	1
A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	The group is interrupting the game.	0
A group of people and a dog sit in the bleachers of a basketball court, watching another group of people's performance on the court.	Group of people and a dog watching others on a basketball court.	1
A group of people sitting on concrete steps at a neighborhood basketball court.	A group of people sitting outside.	1
A group of people sitting on concrete steps at a neighborhood basketball court.	A group of people sitting in a grassy field.	0
The person is dress from head to toe in white and is walking on the street.	Person walking.	1
The person is dress from head to toe in white and is walking on the street.	Naked person laying on the street.	0
A woman wearing an all-white outfit is walking across a crosswalk.	Man wearing Black Jeans	0
A woman wearing an all-white outfit is walking across a crosswalk.	Woman wearing white clothes crossing road	1
Three young girls posing for a picture in an outdoor amphitheater, surrounded by adults watching a conference.	Some girls are posing.	1
Three young girls posing for a picture in an outdoor amphitheater, surrounded by adults watching a conference.	The girls are all taking a test.	0
A woman in a white dress walking down a street.	a woman walking on the water	0
A woman dressed in all white in a crosswalk.	A woman in a all white in a crosswalk.	1
A woman dressed in all white in a crosswalk.	A woman in all black at a funeral.	0
an elderly woman going through her purse on a busy street.	An elderly woman looks through a purse she just stole from someone	0
an elderly woman going through her purse on a busy street.	An elderly woman on a busy street.	1
Four kids turn around to be photographed.	Two kids turn around to see the attraction.	0
Four kids turn around to be photographed.	Four kids are by a camera.	1
At night, a man looks through a telescope	A man was in deep sleep during the night time	0
At night, a man looks through a telescope	A man was looking through his telescope	1
Two grinning girls in white jump on a green sofa.	The girls are standing.	1
Two grinning girls in white jump on a green sofa.	The girls are staying still.	0
A dog jumps over a log in the woods.	A dog jumps over something in the woods.	1
A dog jumps over a log in the woods.	A cat jumps over a log in the woods.	0
Two girls wearing short dresses are walking next to a car as one carries a large Hand bag.	Two kids ride bicycles down the street in their swimsuits.	0
Two girls wearing short dresses are walking next to a car as one carries a large Hand bag.	Two kids are walking in a parking lot together.	1
Black dog with a red collar is climbing over fence posts.	The fence has dog snot on it.	0
Black dog with a red collar is climbing over fence posts.	The dog is climbing the fence.	1
A large, black dog is climbing over a wooden fence surrounded by bushes.	There is a large brick wall keeping the dog in the yard.	0
A large, black dog is climbing over a wooden fence surrounded by bushes.	A dog is outside.	1
Black dog climbs over fence in grassy area	The dog is agile	1
Black dog climbs over fence in grassy area	The dog is at the vet	0
Black dog climbs over fallen logs or boards.	The black dog is climbing over something in its path.	1
Black dog climbs over fallen logs or boards.	Two goldfish are riding bikes in a giant pile of mashed potatoes.	0
A person in an orange coat with a hood lays on top of the entrance corridor to the metro.	person in a orange hoodie lays on top of an entrance corridor	1
A person in an orange coat with a hood lays on top of the entrance corridor to the metro.	a person standing in a  corridor entrance	0
A golden-brown dog running through a green field.	The dog is outside.	1
A golden-brown dog running through a green field.	The dog is inside a car.	0
A tan dog is running fast through tall green grass.	A dog fetching a tennis ball on the concrete playground.	0
A tan dog is running fast through tall green grass.	A dog running quickly through grass.	1
Three men in collared t-shirts looking at photos in a truck.	The men are in collared shirts	1
Three men in collared t-shirts looking at photos in a truck.	The men are sleeping.	0
a brown dog is running through a grassy field.	a brown cat is running through a grassy field.	0
a brown dog is running through a grassy field.	a dog is running through a grassy field.	1
A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog is outside.	1
A dog runs in a grassy field.	There is an animal outdoors.	1
A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog is sitting inside.	0
A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog is running around outside.	1
A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog sitting on a porch.	0
A dog runs in a grassy field.	A pet is sitting on the couch.	0
A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog running through a field.	1
A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog is laying in the dirt chewing on a bone.	0
A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog is running across a field of grass.	1
A dog runs in a grassy field.	A dog is inside taking a nap.	0
A man a long gray beard and his partner share a meal at an outdoor restaurant.	The two people paddle their kayaks in the surf.	0
A man a long gray beard and his partner share a meal at an outdoor restaurant.	The people are dining al fresco.	1
A man and a woman are sharing a meal at an outside restaurant.	two men are having a meal at an inside dining room	0
A man and a woman are sharing a meal at an outside restaurant.	a man and a woman are eating	1
Man singing on a stage with band.	A man is playing the drums in his bedroom.	0
Man singing on a stage with band.	A man is performing on stage.	1
A man and a woman eating a meal together.	A man eats alone.	0
A man and a woman eating a meal together.	A man and woman eat together.	1
Two older people are sharing a dish	An young couple sits on a crowded bus.	0
Two older people are sharing a dish	Sharing a dish are two elderly people.	1
A young girl with red-hair is playing on a sidewalk with a swan.	The red haired woman is walking down the street.	0
A young girl with red-hair is playing on a sidewalk with a swan.	The girl is playing outside.	1
Number 33 slam dunks in his cool green sneakers.	number 33 slam dunks	1
Number 33 slam dunks in his cool green sneakers.	number 33 is 3ft tall with a 5inch vertical leap.	0
A basketball player slam dunks the ball and holds onto the rim.	The basketball player can dunk.	1
A basketball player slam dunks the ball and holds onto the rim.	There is no rim.	0
A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	The man and woman are outdoors.	1
A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A man and a woman standing on the highway together.	1
A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A man and woman riding a motorcycle.	0
A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A man and woman dance on a ballroom floor.	0
A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A man and woman stand next to a motorcycle in the highway.	1
A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	The man is escaping from prison.	0
A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A think man in a red jumpsuit stands next to a woman on the highway.	0
A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A man in an orange stands next to a woman on the highway.	1
A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	A man and woman stand on the highway.	1
A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.	Two women were riding a motorcycle down a dirt road.	0
Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	Orange jumpsuits are conspicuously visible.	1
Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	A man and woman are dressed in dark suits.	0
Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	everyone is happy and laughing.	0
Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	A man is talking to a woman.	1
Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	A man and a woman are drinking a beer in a bar.	0
Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	A man and woman stand on the freeway near a motorcycle crash.	1
Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	A man and a woman are on a road looking at a red vehicle.	1
Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	A convict has escaped from county jail.	0
Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	There is a motor vehicle accident	1
Aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red Motorcycle that crash	An inmate takes a woman hostage after causing her to crash.	0
People are standing on a freeway where a motorcycle accident has just occurred.	People are on the road.	1
People are standing on a freeway where a motorcycle accident has just occurred.	People are made from road dust.	0
A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	The woman is performing at the opera.	0
A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	The man and women are in the ocean.	0
A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	The man and woman are outside.	1
A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	A man is zooming around in his car.	0
A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	Two men look down at their crashed bicycles by the side of the road	0
A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	A couple is watching motorcyles pass by on a highway.	1
A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	The man and woman have legs.	1
A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	The man and woman are outside.	1
A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	Two people stand in the highway looking at motorcyles	1
A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing.	The man is shooting laser beams from his eyes.	0
An old man wearing a red suit stands in a large social gathering.	The man has lived for many years	1
An old man wearing a red suit stands in a large social gathering.	The man is 10 years old	0
Construction workers look on from top of building while two more are suspended from a crane in a basket.	Construction workers look on as a crane carries workers.	1
Construction workers look on from top of building while two more are suspended from a crane in a basket.	A man blows his nose by a train track.	0
Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	The ladies are both wearing black	0
Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	TWO LADIES ARE BOWLING	0
Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	ladies in dresses.	1
Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	Two ladies play games with a group of children	1
Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	The ladies are playing with the kids.	1
Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	The children are ghosts.	0
Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	woman play	1
Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	Two women scold children for playing roughly	0
Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	the children have eaten all the woman in the area	0
Two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing London Bridges outside with a group of children.	TWO LADIES ARE OUTSIDE	1
Two men looking down on a building from a cherry picker.	The men are watching tv.	0
Two men looking down on a building from a cherry picker.	The two men are higher than the building.	1
Constructions workers are working on a building.	People working on a building	1
Constructions workers are working on a building.	People walking outside	0
An old man wearing a suit, tie, and a captain's hat is standing amid a crowd, with an angry look on his face.	Captain Ahab will get the whale	0
An old man wearing a suit, tie, and a captain's hat is standing amid a crowd, with an angry look on his face.	The old man is unhappy	1
a young girl and two friends are playing.	The young girl is studying.	0
a young girl and two friends are playing.	The young girl is human.	1
A wakeboarder is jumping a huge wave.	someone is jumping a wave	1
A wakeboarder is jumping a huge wave.	the wakeboarder is not jumping	0
A woman with a brown messenger bag is riding a bike down a street.	There is a person outside.	1
A woman with a brown messenger bag is riding a bike down a street.	This person is jogging down a hill.	0
A woman with a messenger bag is riding a bike.	A woman is riding a bike.	1
A woman with a messenger bag is riding a bike.	A woman is riding a horse.	0
A woman with a satchel is riding on a bike smiling.	The woman is running	0
A woman with a satchel is riding on a bike smiling.	The woman is outdoors	1
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.	A young girl and a woman are walking on the sidewalk.	1
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.	The young girl and woman are sitting at a table eating dinner.	0
A dog is playing in water.	A dog is wet.	1
A dog is playing in water.	A dog is asleep in its bed.	0
man in van painted like the mystery machine parked in front of house	The van is parked in front of a house.	1
man in van painted like the mystery machine parked in front of house	There is a women in a car.	0
A van painted in bright blue, pink, and green is driving down the road.	There is a vehicle in this picture.	1
A van painted in bright blue, pink, and green is driving down the road.	The van was destroyed in the accident.	0
A blond-headed child holding a red broom.	A brown-headed child is holding a blue broom.	0
A blond-headed child holding a red broom.	A child is holding a cleaning tool in his hand.	1
Colorful van with blue above and green with pink "clouds" on the bottom sitting in front of a fenced in home and sign saying "Jaguar" in front.	A sign reads no trespassers allowed in front of an industrial building.	0
Colorful van with blue above and green with pink "clouds" on the bottom sitting in front of a fenced in home and sign saying "Jaguar" in front.	A sign reads "Jaguar".	1
A caucasian male toddler sweeps the tiled floor.	A black child washes a window.	0
A caucasian male toddler sweeps the tiled floor.	A white toddler sweeps the floor.	1
The small blond-haired child is holding a broom.	Nobody has a broom.	0
The small blond-haired child is holding a broom.	A human holding a broom	1
A little child with a sweater, blue shirt and black pants, holding a broom in a kitchen.	the child was in the kitchen	1
A little child with a sweater, blue shirt and black pants, holding a broom in a kitchen.	the child worke a black dress	0
A young child in blue sweeps the floors like his parents.	A child doing chores.	1
A young child in blue sweeps the floors like his parents.	A young child sweeping the floor with a large cat.	0
A young man does exercises in his fencing class.	The man only uses guns.	0
A young man does exercises in his fencing class.	The man has held a sword.	1
Man wearing black is holding a sword with his arms out.	The man has white robes.	0
Man wearing black is holding a sword with his arms out.	The man has a weapon.	1
A man in a gym performs moves with outstretched arms.	A guy exercising.	1
A man in a gym performs moves with outstretched arms.	A woman exercising next to a trainer.	0
A man holding his arms out horizontally, and gripping a fencing sword in his right hand, as people in the background do the same thing.	The man is sitting reading a newspaper.	0
A man holding his arms out horizontally, and gripping a fencing sword in his right hand, as people in the background do the same thing.	A man is holding a sword.	1
Teen boy practicing with a sword in a gym with his team.	A girl is practicing karate.	0
Teen boy practicing with a sword in a gym with his team.	A boy is holding a sword.	1
Workers at a construction site.	Workers abandoned the site to go on strike.	0
Workers at a construction site.	The are workers at the construction site.	1
An African American man in a brown shirt is singing on a stage.	A black man performing onstage.	1
An African American man in a brown shirt is singing on a stage.	A woman looking through her purse.	0
Football team is getting drenched by a hose.	The team is about to win the title.	0
Football team is getting drenched by a hose.	The team is getting wet.	1
A group of young football players are being sprayed with water.	Hockey players are getting sprayed.	0
A group of young football players are being sprayed with water.	Football players are getting wet.	1
Young boys in football jerseys getting showered with water outside.	A football team is cleaning off after a game.	1
Young boys in football jerseys getting showered with water outside.	The soccer players are inside the gym.	0
A group of teenage boys in yellow and blue football uniforms are being sprayed with water.	The boys are sleeping.	0
A group of teenage boys in yellow and blue football uniforms are being sprayed with water.	The teenage boys are wearing yellow and blue uniforms	1
A man is a kitchen cooking.	A woman is cooking in the living room.	0
A man is a kitchen cooking.	A person is cooking in a kitchen.	1
A young girl poses by the water.	The young girl posed by the water.	1
A young girl poses by the water.	The elderly lady stood by the water.	0
A girl in jeans sitting on rock getting her picture taken.	The girl is dancing in the ocean.	0
A girl in jeans sitting on rock getting her picture taken.	The girl is sitting on the rock having a photo taken.	1
A woman sits in the sun on some large rocks in the middle of a pond.	The woman is sinking in the water.	0
A woman sits in the sun on some large rocks in the middle of a pond.	A woman is in the middle of the pond on some rocks.	1
A Girl Wearing Boots, Is Sitting On A Rock Near a Pond.	Someone sits near water.	1
A Girl Wearing Boots, Is Sitting On A Rock Near a Pond.	A barefoot girl dangles her toes in the pond.	0
A young woman sitting on stepping stones in a small pond.	A young woman is sitting down.	1
A young woman sitting on stepping stones in a small pond.	A young woman is sleeping at home.	0
Some children playing in a pit full of colorful balls	Kids re playing with balls.	1
Some children playing in a pit full of colorful balls	Kids are playing miniature golf.	0
Two children slide down a slide into a ball pit while another child looks on.	The kids are walking home from school.	0
Two children slide down a slide into a ball pit while another child looks on.	Some kids are sliding into a ball pit.	1
Two children fall headfirst into a colorful ball pit while a third child watches.	Kids are playing in a ball pit.	1
Two children fall headfirst into a colorful ball pit while a third child watches.	The kids are in the swimming pool.	0
A man wearing jeans, along sleeve t-shirt, and glasses is standing on a low metal railing.	A man wearing dress pants, a t-shirt, and sunglasses is standing on a low metal railing.	0
A man wearing jeans, along sleeve t-shirt, and glasses is standing on a low metal railing.	A person is standing on a railing.	1
A young man is posing on his skateboard on top of a rail at a skate park.	A man posing on his skateboard at home.	0
A young man is posing on his skateboard on top of a rail at a skate park.	A person posing on a skateboard.	1
A skateboarder at a skate park attempting a rail slide trick.	A skateboarder does a rail slide.	1
A skateboarder at a skate park attempting a rail slide trick.	A girl rides her bike.	0
The young girl makes a wonderful snow angel on the ground.	A girl is rolling around the carpet in her playroom.	0
The young girl makes a wonderful snow angel on the ground.	A young girl is playing outside.	1
A girl plays in the snow by making a snow angel.	The girl is drinking cocoa by a fire.	0
A girl plays in the snow by making a snow angel.	A female is outside.	1
A young child in a red jacket and jeans lays in the snow to make a snow angel.	A child is outdoors.	1
A young child in a red jacket and jeans lays in the snow to make a snow angel.	A child is sitting on a couch.	0
Several people are gathered and watching an event.	The people are watching the event.	1
Several people are gathered and watching an event.	The people are looking at their pockets.	0
A group of men and women are facing in the direction of something that is happening off-camera.	A group of men and women are facing in the direction of something that is happeningo off-camera	1
A group of men and women are facing in the direction of something that is happening off-camera.	The group of people are watching tv	0
A girl who is surrounded by other people is taking a picture at a concert.	A girl is sitting down reading a book next to a lake	0
A girl who is surrounded by other people is taking a picture at a concert.	A girl is enjoying a concert	1
The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	A woman is standing in the kitchen.	0
The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	A man is standing in the kitchen.	1
The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	The man is in the bathroom wearing a yellow shirt.	0
The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	The guy in the kitchen wears a blue sweatshirt.	1
The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	There is a man in a kitchen.	1
The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	The man is sitting on a couch.	0
The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	The man is standing in a kitchen	1
The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	A man in a red shirt is in a bathroom.	0
The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	A man in a sweatshirt is in a home.	1
The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.	A man is sitting in his bathtub.	0
An elderly woman sitting on a bench.	A young mother sits down.	0
An elderly woman sitting on a bench.	A woman is sitting on a bench.	1
Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	Four people are wading in a natural pool	0
Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	The pool has seven people in it	1
Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	Seven people are sitting in a pool.	0
Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	There are eight people in the pool	0
Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	people in a pool	1
Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	A group of people are outdoors	1
Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	There are people swimming in a normal swimming pool.	0
Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	there were five people	0
Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	There are people in a pool.	1
Seven people are wading in a natural pool.	Seven people have wet feet.	1
Three girlfriends are sitting in a darkened theater.	Three girls taking the bus.	0
Three girlfriends are sitting in a darkened theater.	Three girls sitting in a theater.	1
A tall man stirring a pot of food on a stove.	A tall man cooking at a stove.	1
A tall man stirring a pot of food on a stove.	A short woman sweeping a kitchen.	0
A businessman is talking on his cellphone while smoking a cigarette at an intersection under construction.	A man in a suit is talking to a construction worker while holding his phone in his hand.	0
A businessman is talking on his cellphone while smoking a cigarette at an intersection under construction.	A man is smoking while talking into his phone.	1
An elderly woman sits on a park bench under the shade of a tree.	A man sits on a cardboard box under the shade.	0
An elderly woman sits on a park bench under the shade of a tree.	A woman sits on a park bench under the shade.	1
people lounge in a man made pool, next to a river	people are lounging	1
people lounge in a man made pool, next to a river	people are in a natural pool	0
There are people in swimming pool next to a river.	People are swimming in the river.	0
There are people in swimming pool next to a river.	People are swimming.	1
A group of cats sit in the grass.	Cats sit in the grass.	1
A group of cats sit in the grass.	A dog sleeps in the grass.	0
Two football players run into each other.	Two football players collide.	1
Two football players run into each other.	Two football players are eating breakfast in a hotel.	0
A football player in a full stadium jumping and recieving a football.	The football player is off the ground.	1
A football player in a full stadium jumping and recieving a football.	The football player is sitting on the bench.	0
A person walks among large, white geometric shaped architecture.	A person is sleeping.	0
A person walks among large, white geometric shaped architecture.	A person is walking.	1
Two men vie for a football.	The men are sleeping.	0
Two men vie for a football.	The men view for football	1
Two people hiking on a mountain.	The hikers are lost.	0
Two people hiking on a mountain.	Two hikers are on a mountain.	1
A man in face mask working on a machine.	the man is dancing.	0
A man in face mask working on a machine.	the man is working.	1
Two boys at play at a fun center, there are two women in the background laughing.	women in the background are laughing	1
Two boys at play at a fun center, there are two women in the background laughing.	women in the background are not laughing	0
A toddler drinking from a cup in a toy car.	The toddler is driving a full-sized vehicle while drinking	0
A toddler drinking from a cup in a toy car.	A toddler is drinking from a cup in a toy car	1
A man wears an interesting blue wig in public	A person is wearing a fake hairpiece.	1
A man wears an interesting blue wig in public	A man is getting his hair cut at the local barber.	0
A girl is wearing a blue wig under a brown hooded jacket.	A girl's blue wig is visible under her brown-hooded jacket.	1
A girl is wearing a blue wig under a brown hooded jacket.	An alien, attempting to conceal it's inhuman hair color, scurries to cover under a jacket.	0
One person in a crowd of people, wearing a blue wig	It is hard to tell what color the person's real hair is under that blue wig.	1
One person in a crowd of people, wearing a blue wig	Every single person in the all-female crowd has bleached blond hair.	0
Man with brown coat and sunglasses wears a blue wig and ball cap.	A human with a wig	1
Man with brown coat and sunglasses wears a blue wig and ball cap.	Nobody has a wig	0
The pilot looking out of a British Airways airplane while two men are standing outside.	The pilot is in a plane	1
The pilot looking out of a British Airways airplane while two men are standing outside.	The plane is over the ocean	0
A man with a motorcycle helmet lounges in the sun next to a body of water.	the pigs eat cheese	0
A man with a motorcycle helmet lounges in the sun next to a body of water.	a guy with a helmet is in the sun	1
A man rests on the terraced steps leading down to the water.	A man bicycles to the water.	0
A man rests on the terraced steps leading down to the water.	A man rests on steps near the water.	1
A man with a motorcycle helmet rests by the waterfront.	The man is sitting in a boat wearing a baseball cap.	0
A man with a motorcycle helmet rests by the waterfront.	A man is wearing a helmet.	1
A man sleeps on the beach after removing his helmet.	A man sleeps outside.	1
A man sleeps on the beach after removing his helmet.	A man sleeps after riding his skateboard.	0
A man is laying in the sand.	A man is laying on the ground	1
A man is laying in the sand.	A man is jumping in the snow	0
A musical event in the park.	The park is outside	1
A musical event in the park.	there is music in the park	1
A musical event in the park.	The music event is at the firehouse.	0
A person dressed as Batman poses for a picture.	a person is about to take a shower	0
A person dressed as Batman poses for a picture.	a person is in costume	1
A dog jumping at the beach.	An animal on sand.	1
A dog jumping at the beach.	People chasing a tiger.	0
Dog on a rock next to water.	A dog is next to the water.	1
Dog on a rock next to water.	A dog is getting a treat.	0
A muddy dog runs next to water.	a young boy runs	1
A muddy dog runs next to water.	the child was 18 years old	0
A furry white dog playing in the sand.	A dog is in some sand.	1
A furry white dog playing in the sand.	A dog is standing on grass.	0
A small dog is jumping on the dirt in front of some water	a cat jumping into the water	0
A small dog is jumping on the dirt in front of some water	a dog jumping near some water	1
Dog and women with baby strollers crossing a bridge in rural area.	A dog and women with baby stroller crossing a bridge.	1
Dog and women with baby strollers crossing a bridge in rural area.	A dog and cat with a baby play sports.	0
The couple pushed the strollers across the wood bridge and the dogs followed.	People and animals cross a bridge.	1
The couple pushed the strollers across the wood bridge and the dogs followed.	People walk on the beach.	0
a man inspecting meat in a kitchen	A man is watching TV on his couch.	0
a man inspecting meat in a kitchen	A man is make sure his meat is perfect.	1
Two mothers are pushing baby strollers as the dogs run down.	Two mothers are on a walk	1
Two mothers are pushing baby strollers as the dogs run down.	The babies are in a crib sleeping	0
The cats are lazily laying in the field of dry grass.	The cats are chasing dogs off of their property	0
The cats are lazily laying in the field of dry grass.	The cats lay in the grass.	1
a family crossing a bridge	Several related people move from one location to another.	1
a family crossing a bridge	Several people open presents around a Christmas tree.	0
A man wearing black shirt with devil looking eyes, holding two big slices of meat.	The man wears black shirts and has strange eyes.	1
A man wearing black shirt with devil looking eyes, holding two big slices of meat.	The woman runs to work.	0
The man wearing a red shirt is mowing grass using a riding lawn mower.	A man cutting down a tree next to his home.	0
The man wearing a red shirt is mowing grass using a riding lawn mower.	A man cutting tall grass with a riding mower outside his home.	1
Guy in an orange vest on a lawn tractor mowing his lawn on a sunny day	Guy runs from police on lawn tractor.	0
Guy in an orange vest on a lawn tractor mowing his lawn on a sunny day	Guy mows his lawn.	1
A man is cutting grass on a large field on a green rising mower.	A girl is pushing a stroller across a barren field.	0
A man is cutting grass on a large field on a green rising mower.	A man rides a lawn mower.	1
A guy mowing a lawn on his tractor	A guy is surrounded by green grass.	1
A guy mowing a lawn on his tractor	A guy riding on a snowmobile.	0
A man with a blue shirt, SpongeBob shirts, clogs, and white tights stands on the street.	A man stands by the road.	1
A man with a blue shirt, SpongeBob shirts, clogs, and white tights stands on the street.	the man is watching tv	0
A small group of people are looking over vegetables at a farmer's market.	There are people at a farmer's market.	1
A small group of people are looking over vegetables at a farmer's market.	There is a group of people at a grocery store.	0
A shirtless man in blue holding up a large blue rod and looking at the camera.	the man has a camera	1
A shirtless man in blue holding up a large blue rod and looking at the camera.	the man wore a three piece suit	0
A young man diving into the water.	Someone is diving.	1
A young man diving into the water.	The man is jumping into a pit of marshmallows.	0
A young guy jumping into the water.	An young man gets out of his car.	0
A young guy jumping into the water.	A young man jumped into the water.	1
A man jumping and flipping into water.	A boy does the doggy paddle	0
A man jumping and flipping into water.	A man is jumping into the water	1
A man in blue shorts diving into water.	A man in blue dress	0
A man in blue shorts diving into water.	A man in blue shorts	1
A boy in a blue bathing suit is diving into the water.	The boy is an intergalactic criminal.	0
A boy in a blue bathing suit is diving into the water.	There is a boy in water.	1
These two women are busy with writing and computer use.	The women are throwing out the garbage.	0
These two women are busy with writing and computer use.	The women are active.	1
A girl with a knit dress and leg warmers using a computer.	The electricity is out.	0
A girl with a knit dress and leg warmers using a computer.	The computer is on.	1
A woman in a pattern dress leans over a desk and uses a computer.	A woman is scrapbooking with her girlfriends.	0
A woman in a pattern dress leans over a desk and uses a computer.	A woman shows off technical skills while looking feminine.	1
A woman, with a tattoo on her arm, is standing at a desk using a computer mouse.	A tattooed person is standing office furniture using a mouse.	1
A woman, with a tattoo on her arm, is standing at a desk using a computer mouse.	A woman, with a tattoo on her arm, is sitting on a couch using a computer mouse.	0
A group of people are sitting and looking at the scenery.	A man jumps into the air.	0
A group of people are sitting and looking at the scenery.	A group of people observing the scenery.	1
A jean baseball cap with the Tommy Hilfiger logo.	A black fedora with no logo.	0
A jean baseball cap with the Tommy Hilfiger logo.	A baseball cap with a brand name logo.	1
A man wearing a tommy hilfiger cap viewing the sites.	The man is site seeing.	1
A man wearing a tommy hilfiger cap viewing the sites.	The man is wearing a Ralph Lauren hat.	0
Two women wearing sunglasses are walking next to each other and talking.	The women are having a conversation.	1
Two women wearing sunglasses are walking next to each other and talking.	The women are ignoring each other.	0
Two women, dressed in light clothing and both wearing sunglasses, walk in a partially shaded area.	The women are dressed in all black.	0
Two women, dressed in light clothing and both wearing sunglasses, walk in a partially shaded area.	The women have something on their face.	1
Two young women are holding a conversation while walking through a grass covered area.	The women are outside.	1
Two young women are holding a conversation while walking through a grass covered area.	The women are asleep.	0
Two women wearing white are walking.	A women are eating in Restaurant.	0
Two women wearing white are walking.	two women wearing white colour dress and walk together	1
A man is climbing up a large rocky mountain.	A man is climbing.	1
A man is climbing up a large rocky mountain.	A man is biking up a mountain.	0
a young man climbing on a rock with no shirt on	A baseball player jumps over a wall to catch a ball.	0
a young man climbing on a rock with no shirt on	A man is shirtless.	1
There is an oriental man climbing up a mountain.	There is a person going upwards on a mountain.	1
There is an oriental man climbing up a mountain.	There is a British man climbing down a mountain.	0
A rock climber grasps a ledge with his chalk covered hand.	A climber scaling an incline.	1
A rock climber grasps a ledge with his chalk covered hand.	A man sitting inside.	0
The girl is swimming with only her head above the water.	A girl is snorkeling at the bottom of the ocean.	0
The girl is swimming with only her head above the water.	The girl is swimming in the water.	1
A closeup of a shirtless man rock climbing.	The man is standing at the top of the mountain.	0
A closeup of a shirtless man rock climbing.	The man without a shirt is rock climbing.	1
A red-haired man dancing.	The man is singing.	0
A red-haired man dancing.	The man is dancing.	1
This girl is having so much fun on the swing!	THe girl is sleeping.	0
This girl is having so much fun on the swing!	The girl is having fun	1
An aging rocker performs on stage in a sleeveless shirt and striped pants.	Man watching his idol on stage	0
An aging rocker performs on stage in a sleeveless shirt and striped pants.	Rocker performing on stage	1
A man in a pirate costume playing an instrument in a band.	There is a man dressed in pirate costume playing an instrument.	1
A man in a pirate costume playing an instrument in a band.	No pirates here	0
A man with a scarf on performs with his band on stage.	There are no instruments	0
A man with a scarf on performs with his band on stage.	A man is wearing a scard	1
People in pirate outfits are playing in a band.	Some people are playing musical instruments.	1
People in pirate outfits are playing in a band.	The band is dressed in tuxedos, having drinks at the bar.	0
A white dog is running across a grassy field.	A dog is running around a field.	1
A white dog is running across a grassy field.	A black dog is walking home.	0
The boy is sliding down a metal slide.	A boy is sliding.	1
The boy is sliding down a metal slide.	A girl is playing on the see saw.	0
A girl whose head is sticking out of the water at her mouth.	The girl walks on the water.	0
A girl whose head is sticking out of the water at her mouth.	There is a girl in the water.	1
A man in a wheelchair and a blond woman play badminton with three youths.	The couple and children are running in a marathon.	0
A man in a wheelchair and a blond woman play badminton with three youths.	A couple plays with the children.	1
A person in a wheelchair plays a netted sport with three players in green shirts while being coached by an older woman off to his left.	The people are eating dinner.	0
A person in a wheelchair plays a netted sport with three players in green shirts while being coached by an older woman off to his left.	The people are playing a game.	1
People playing in a gym with a net.	People playing in a gym.	1
People playing in a gym with a net.	A doctor examining a patient.	0
People playing badminton in a gymnasium.	People are outside playing.	0
People playing badminton in a gymnasium.	People playing badminton in the gym.	1
a crippled women playing a sport.	A disabled woman is participating in a sport.	1
a crippled women playing a sport.	A baby yawns at his mother.	0
A smiling boy with a blue sweatshirt and camouflage shorts on a metal slide in the grass.	A smiling boy is in the grass.	1
A smiling boy with a blue sweatshirt and camouflage shorts on a metal slide in the grass.	A sad boy is being dragged home on the sidewalk.	0
A bearded man, and a girl in a red dress are getting married.	The two people are getting married.	1
A bearded man, and a girl in a red dress are getting married.	The beared man and the girl are getting a divorce.	0
A man with a white hat on a scooter.	A man is on a 2 wheeler.	1
A man with a white hat on a scooter.	The Statue of Liberty does the polka.	0
A white British Airways plane on the airstrip.	there is a plane	1
A white British Airways plane on the airstrip.	the plane is orange	0
People walking around on a busy sidewalk at night.	People walking around on a sidewalk at night.	1
People walking around on a busy sidewalk at night.	Dogs walking around on a busy sidewalk at night.	0
A dog carries a very big stick through the water.	the dog carries the stick through water	1
A dog carries a very big stick through the water.	the dog is running over the field with a ball	0
The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	The man is going to be in a picture.	1
The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	There is a person smiling.	1
The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	There is a woman taking a picture.	0
The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	Nobody had a camera.	0
The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	a man is starting a forest fire	0
The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	A person in an outfit.	1
The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	a girl takes pictures of a sad man	0
The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	a man posing happily for the camera	1
The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	The man is asleep.	0
The man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.	a man holds something and smiles	1
Children watching a man and another child in front of them.	Children observe other people.	1
Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	Ten men are out at sea deep-sea fishing for swordfish and tuna.	0
Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	There are huge fishing nets gathered on a beach.	1
Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	Two men inspect fishing nets on a beach.	1
Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	A group of men are working with fishing nets.	1
Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	People inspecting	1
Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	An empty field.	0
Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	Two women inspect fishing nets on a beach to catch fish to eat.	0
Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	Ten men playing football on the beach.	0
Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	Ten men on a beach.	1
Ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.	The men are going to bed.	0
A man in a white jacket puts on a public magic show and uses a child as a volunteer as the crowd watches.	A man in only a red robe puts on a magic show.	0
A man in a white jacket puts on a public magic show and uses a child as a volunteer as the crowd watches.	A group of people are watching a show.	1
A girl does a cartwheel in the street while people watch from the sidewalk.	The girl is skating with a dog on her shoulders.	0
A girl does a cartwheel in the street while people watch from the sidewalk.	There are people outside.	1
Someone in shorts is somersaulting in front of a crowd.	The person is wearing shorts	1
Someone in shorts is somersaulting in front of a crowd.	The crowd is beating the person	0
Several men making a net on a beach.	The men are cleaning their guns before battle.	0
Several men making a net on a beach.	Men are crafting rope in a more useful object.	1
The person in the black shirt performed a stunt in the street while the crowd watched.	There is a person thats wearing a black shirt.	1
The person in the black shirt performed a stunt in the street while the crowd watched.	There are a group of people watching a stunt performance indoors.	0
Soldiers in uniform holding guns.	There are guns present.	1
Soldiers in uniform holding guns.	Boys are playing with cap guns.	0
Several people dressed in like jerseys roll an old cannon during a competition.	Several people are rolling a cannon.	1
Several people dressed in like jerseys roll an old cannon during a competition.	The people and the like jerseys are playing volleyball.	0
A man and a woman playfully fight and hang from support railings in a subway car.	A man and woman sit quietly on a bus.	0
A man and a woman playfully fight and hang from support railings in a subway car.	A man and woman are being playful in a subway car.	1
The boy is coming down the amusement slide on his knees.	The boy is on the swing.	0
The boy is coming down the amusement slide on his knees.	The boy is coming down the slide.	1
A boy wearing all black is sliding down a blow up yellow slide.	A boy goes down a slide.	1
A boy wearing all black is sliding down a blow up yellow slide.	A boy jumps in the pool.	0
Boy sliding down a slide on his knees.	A boy sliding down a slide.	1
Boy sliding down a slide on his knees.	A boy running up a slide.	0
A kid in black going down an inflatbale slide.	The inflatable slide is sitting collapsed along the ground.	0
A kid in black going down an inflatbale slide.	A child plays on an inflatable slide.	1
A boy speeding down a steep slide.	A boy swinging in the air	0
A boy speeding down a steep slide.	A boy is on playground equipment	1
A man wearing a yellow shirt is looking down and standing in front of a window next to a box.	A woman wearing a yellow shirt is looking up.	0
A man wearing a yellow shirt is looking down and standing in front of a window next to a box.	A man wearing a yellow shirt is looking down.	1
Two men on a dock preparing freshly caught fish.	Two men are fishing off a pier.	0
Two men on a dock preparing freshly caught fish.	A couple men are cleaning their fish on a dock.	1
Two men standing on a pier over a captured fish.	A couple of men stand by a caught fish	1
Two men standing on a pier over a captured fish.	Two women stomp on a rubber toy fish	0
A gray-haired man in a sleeveless shirt and another older gentleman in all white look to their left while standing on a pier with a fish.	The men on the pier caught a fish.	1
A gray-haired man in a sleeveless shirt and another older gentleman in all white look to their left while standing on a pier with a fish.	The men are sitting on a pier catching fish.	0
Two men standing on a dock looking and pointing at boats.	A pair of men are looking at boats.	1
Two men standing on a dock looking and pointing at boats.	A pair of men are watching television.	0
A laughing baby is surrounded by balls of various colors.	A laughing baby is surrounded by balls.	1
A laughing baby is surrounded by balls of various colors.	An old man is surrounded by balls.	0
Little girl lying in many colored plastic balls.	A little girl is buried in colored plastic balls.	1
Little girl lying in many colored plastic balls.	A little girl is playing baseball.	0
Three greyhounds are racing on a track at night.	Three pitbulls are racing on a track.	0
Three greyhounds are racing on a track at night.	The greyhounds are racing on a track.	1
A smiling child is surrounded by colored balls.	A child is frowning	0
A smiling child is surrounded by colored balls.	A child is happy	1
A young woman sitting on a large tool chest paints her face silver.	The woman paints her face.	1
A young woman sitting on a large tool chest paints her face silver.	The woman is removing her makeup.	0
A young blond-haired woman wearing blue jeans and black sweater, applying facial makeup.	A woman naps on her couch.	0
A young blond-haired woman wearing blue jeans and black sweater, applying facial makeup.	The woman has blond hair.	1
Next to a green field, young blond woman sitting outside on a gray trunk applying makeup to her face.	The young blond woman is outdoors.	1
Next to a green field, young blond woman sitting outside on a gray trunk applying makeup to her face.	The woman is running in the park.	0
A distressed couch sits in front of a graffiti-covered wall, while a woman looks and smiles.	She is window shopping.	0
A distressed couch sits in front of a graffiti-covered wall, while a woman looks and smiles.	She is looking at the furniture.	1
A woman focuses her Canon DLP, surrounded by green trees and grass.	A woman throws her camera at a tree screaming.	0
A woman focuses her Canon DLP, surrounded by green trees and grass.	A woman is using her camera outside.	1
Dark hair woman taking a photo with a canon camera that has a large zoom.	She is having a pedicure at the salon	0
Dark hair woman taking a photo with a canon camera that has a large zoom.	There is a woman in this picture	1
A woman wearing several bracelets holds a canon photograph up to take a photo.	A woman holds up a canon to take a photo.	1
A woman wearing several bracelets holds a canon photograph up to take a photo.	A woman tries to run from police for shoplifting.	0
A man wearing a yellow hard hat is pulling on a rope.	A man wearing a yellow hard hat is pulling hard on a rope pulley	1
A man wearing a yellow hard hat is pulling on a rope.	A man pulls a rope and rings a bell	0
A man in a yellow work helmet has a rope in his hand.	A lady is working in an office.	0
A man pulling on a rope, he's doing this wearing a yellow hard hat.	A woman is pulling on a rope, while wearing a red hat.	0
A man pulling on a rope, he's doing this wearing a yellow hard hat.	A man is pulling a rope.	1
A lady is taking a photo using a canon camera.	There is a woman that is taking photos.	1
A lady is taking a photo using a canon camera.	There is a woman on a bench in a park.	0
A middle-aged man with a black and white shirt building an airplane in a field with cars all around.	A man is building something.	1
A middle-aged man with a black and white shirt building an airplane in a field with cars all around.	A man is building a large sandcastle on the beach.	0
Official looking people view a map.	People look at a map.	1
Official looking people view a map.	Kids make their own treasure map.	0
A group of men are looking at multiple maps.	Men are reading books together.	0
A group of men are looking at multiple maps.	Men are looking at maps together.	1
Five men looking at a topographical map.	the map is looked at	1
Five men looking at a topographical map.	the men are blind and are sleeping	0
A group of workers are staring at a map and two men are pointing at the map.	The men and workers are deciding where to go for lunch.	0
A group of workers are staring at a map and two men are pointing at the map.	The men and workers are discussing a location	1
A group of men is standing around a table and looking at a map.	 A group of men is standing.	1
A group of men is standing around a table and looking at a map.	A group of men sleeping in the hay.	0
Two motorcyclist neck-to-neck about to take a turn	Two motorcycle drivers making a turn simultaneously.	1
Two motorcyclist neck-to-neck about to take a turn	A motorcycle collision.	0
Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	There is a motorcycle race.	1
Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	The track in the picture is not perfectly flat.	1
Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Two people on bikes are driving on a track.	1
Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	The cat runs away from the dog on a motorcycle.	0
Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Cars are racing around a track.	0
Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Motorcyclist wearing his gloves before race	0
Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Two motorcyclists are standing near their bikes.	0
Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Two motorcyclists are outside.	1
Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	The only vehicle that anyone who is visible has ever driven is a car or SUV.	0
Two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.	Two motorcyclist racing	1
Two motorcycle drivers race around a bend at high speeds wearing highly florescent yellow, blue and green colors.	The drivers are racing	1
Two motorcycle drivers race around a bend at high speeds wearing highly florescent yellow, blue and green colors.	THe drivers are sleeping	0
Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	Motorcyclists are in a close race around a corner.	1
Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	The motorcyclists are indoors.	0
Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	Motorcyclists are stopped at a stop sign.	0
Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	Two bicyclists are racing around a corner.	0
Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	Two motorcyclists race.	1
Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	The motorcyclists are moving fast.	1
Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	Two motorcycles drive themselves around a corner.	0
Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	The two motorcyclists are racing each other.	1
Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	The motorcyclists didn't finish the race.	0
Two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.	Two motorcyclists are riding their bikes.	1
Two motorcycle racers are in a close race.	Two people are competing.	1
Two motorcycle racers are in a close race.	Some people are inspecting their motorcycles.	0
Three men standing with drinks in their hands having a conversation under an outdoor shelter, one man appears to be wearing a jewish cap.	Two men making fun of jewish cap	0
Three men standing with drinks in their hands having a conversation under an outdoor shelter, one man appears to be wearing a jewish cap.	Three men In a shelter	1
Three older men, one with a yarmulke, one with glasses, and one with a striped shirt are talking.	People having a conversation.	1
Three older men, one with a yarmulke, one with glasses, and one with a striped shirt are talking.	A girl getting a haircut.	0
Three gentle men having a discussion about the seminar they just attended in Florida.	The boys enjoyed the Florida beach.	0
Three gentle men having a discussion about the seminar they just attended in Florida.	The men talked about their seminar in Florida.	1
A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	The man is dancing on stage.	0
A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	A man in a hard hat is standing at an intersection with a flag.	1
A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	A man in an orange hard hat is standing at the intersection.	0
A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	A person is dressed to be easily seen.	1
A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	A man is holding a flag.	1
A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	The Village People have reunited.	0
A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	A road worker stands at a intersection working.	1
A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	The man has on a blue vest.	0
A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	A man stands at an intersection.	1
A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag.	The road worker at the intersection had a pirate flag.	0
Three men talking to each other and drinking.	Three women are going for a bike ride.	0
Three men talking to each other and drinking.	Three men are drinking and talking.	1
A man leaning on his chair while an old couple dances next to him.	A man showing off his dance moves on the floor.	0
A man leaning on his chair while an old couple dances next to him.	A man sitting while people dance.	1
A large group of computer gamers are arranged in a row while playing games.	A group of people are playing Dungeons and Dragons at a table.	0
A large group of computer gamers are arranged in a row while playing games.	A group of people are playing computer games.	1
A bunch of young adults stare in concentration at their computer monitors as they competitively game.	A group of children are putting together a jigsaw puzzle on a low table.	0
A bunch of young adults stare in concentration at their computer monitors as they competitively game.	Some young people are playing computer games.	1
A woman squatting in dirt with a large bin of potatoes in front of her.	The woman is sitting in the bleachers.	0
A woman squatting in dirt with a large bin of potatoes in front of her.	The woman is outside.	1
A larger man in a leaf-printed shirt is working with his remote controlled airplane.	A heavyset man in a leaf-printed shirt is playing with an RC airplane.	1
A larger man in a leaf-printed shirt is working with his remote controlled airplane.	A woman in a business suit is drinking coffe.	0
A woman stands on a sidewalk behind a table filled with hats.	The lady is standing on a walkway.	1
A woman stands on a sidewalk behind a table filled with hats.	The lady is running.	0
a group of people enjoying a thrill ride at an amusement park.	people at the amusement park	1
a group of people enjoying a thrill ride at an amusement park.	hard at work in the steel mill	0
two people in a crowd are looking up	there is a crowd of people	1
two people in a crowd are looking up	there is only one person their waiting	0
People looking up at the sky at something.	People close their eyes, bow their heads, and pray.	0
People looking up at the sky at something.	People look up.	1
A crowd of people gathered together looking up and taking pictures.	A crowd gathers together.	1
A crowd of people gathered together looking up and taking pictures.	A group of people are swimming in the community pool.	0
Many people are crowded together, with a couple of them looking upwards.	Some people looked above them.	1
Many people are crowded together, with a couple of them looking upwards.	The crowd were all looking at their cell phones.	0
A young woman wearing a colorful flower shirt is taking a photo on a busy street.	A man is hunting animals.	0
A young woman wearing a colorful flower shirt is taking a photo on a busy street.	A woman is on a street	1
Asian spectators.	People are watching	1
Asian spectators.	The Englishmen are playing a soccer game.	0
A man holding a glass and talking to an elderly woman.	A man is hitting the elderly woman.	0
A man holding a glass and talking to an elderly woman.	A man is talking to an old woman.	1
A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	A person is riding a motorcyle.	1
A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	A Biker drives up a Mountain with his friend waiting on the foot of it.	1
A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	While one bike remains stationary, a driver of another motorcycle drives up a green mountain.	1
A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	A bicycle is cruising the streets.	0
A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	A motorcycle is going up the side of a mountain.	1
A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	One Biker chases another on a Mountain Road.	0
A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	Two motorcylists are driving up a mountain.	0
A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	A motorcylist is driving.	1
A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	Two cyclists drove down the side of a brown mountain.	0
A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.	Two motorcycles are driving up a mountain.	0
A man is wearing an Alaska sweatshirt.	The man is wearing a sweatshirt.	1
A man is wearing an Alaska sweatshirt.	The man is not wearing a shirt.	0
A man talking to old woman in restaurant while holding a wineglass.	This man doesn't drink.	0
A man talking to old woman in restaurant while holding a wineglass.	The man and woman talk	1
A man wearing an Alaska sweatshirt and a baseball cap is buying lottery tickets.	Dogs are not paying	0
A man wearing an Alaska sweatshirt and a baseball cap is buying lottery tickets.	After a game a man wearing an Alaska shirt and baseball cap is buying scratchers	1
a man in a blue sweater is talking to a gray headed lady.	A man and lady are talking.	1
a man in a blue sweater is talking to a gray headed lady.	A man is sitting alone.	0
A wedding party walks out of a building.	the bride and groom walk into the ocean.	0
A wedding party walks out of a building.	the bride and groom walk outside.	1
A brown dog is licking its nose.	A black dog is licking themselves.	0
A brown dog is licking its nose.	A dog is using it's tongue to clean their nose.	1
People mingle in a crowded bar.	The room has wide expanses of empty floor.	0
People mingle in a crowded bar.	The people are predominately adults.	1
A man in a Hawaiian shirt putting together an airplane model.	The man is wearing a shirt.	1
A man in a Hawaiian shirt putting together an airplane model.	The man is building a house.	0
Several people standing around at a party.	no one showed up to the party	0
Several people standing around at a party.	people at a party	1
A group of people, holding drinks are standing around talking.	Some people are holding beverages.	1
A group of people, holding drinks are standing around talking.	The people are sitting in a hot tub.	0
A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	A dog has his mouth open	1
A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	a dog sleeps at the pound	0
A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	The brown dog pauses to look at the camera.	1
A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	A dog poses for a picture	1
A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	An animal is looking at the camera.	1
A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	The black dog with his tongue out looked away from the camera.	0
A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	a dog looks at the camera	1
A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	A brown dog chewing on a bone.	0
A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	A chipmunk	0
A brown dog with his tongue out looks at the camera.	The dog is running around	0
A woman in a green shirt swinging, with only one shoe on.	A man in track shoes running.	0
A woman in a green shirt swinging, with only one shoe on.	A woman who lost a shoe playing on a swing.	1
A woman in glasses with short, dark hair wearing light capri style pants, green t-shirt and sandals on a swing.	A man is sitting on a swing.	0
A woman in glasses with short, dark hair wearing light capri style pants, green t-shirt and sandals on a swing.	A woman is sitting on a swing.	1
A woman who has lost one shoe is swinging.	A man falls off a swing.	0
A woman who has lost one shoe is swinging.	A woman wearing only one shoe swings.	1
A black motorcycle parked in a parking lot in front of a grass filled hill.	Red motorcycle tipped over	0
A black motorcycle parked in a parking lot in front of a grass filled hill.	Black bike parked	1
A woman on a swing is wearing one shoe.	The woman was watching tv with one shoe	0
A woman on a swing is wearing one shoe.	A woman on a swing is wearing one shoe	1
Three people are jogging together in a race.	There are three horses running in a race.	0
Three people are jogging together in a race.	There are three people in a race jogging together.	1
An artist painting standing in the street painting his scenery of a red and white building.	There is a clown laughing in a hotel room.	0
An artist painting standing in the street painting his scenery of a red and white building.	There is an artist painting while standing in the street.	1
A person picking garbanzo beans with her bear hands.	A gardener picks raspberries with leathe gloves.	0
A person picking garbanzo beans with her bear hands.	A person is outdoors gardening with no gloves on.	1
A man in a robe is riding a donkey down a street.	The man is going for a ride on an animal	1
A man in a robe is riding a donkey down a street.	The man is riding a horse	0
A man in a blue outfit is riding a small horse.	The man is riding a small horse.	1
A man in a blue outfit is riding a small horse.	The man rode a gigantic horse.	0
A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	A man rides a horse.	1
A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	The man is riding a horse into a tree.	0
A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	The man rides past a vivid green tree.	1
A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	The man is at a baseball game.	0
A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	A gentleman enjoys horseriding in front of a colorful home.	1
A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	A man in a white turban is mowing his lawn.	0
A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	a man rides a horse	1
A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	A man rides off with his beloved, carrying her on his noble stallion.	0
A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	There is a man riding a horse by a bright tree and a colorful house.	1
A man in blue clothing and a white turban rides a white horse past a vivid green tree and a orange and white house with purple fixtures.	the man is driving a car	0
A man riding a donkey in front of a mustard building.	A man is riding an animal.	1
A man riding a donkey in front of a mustard building.	A man is riding a bike through a park.	0
A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	The two players kicking the ball are on opposing teams.	0
A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	Two teams of people are playing soccer.	1
A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	a bunch of people play soccer	1
A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	A player on a team passes a basketball.	0
A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	A player passes the soccer ball to his teammate while the other team watches.	1
A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	A basketball game is going on at a park.	0
A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	People are playing sports.	1
A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	A player on the white and blue team hits a baseball towards his teammate while the players on the red team aren't looking.	0
A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	a bunch of people cook eggs on a soccer field	0
A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.	The white and blue team are kicking the ball around.	1
A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	A goalie is holding a soccer ball.	0
A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	A soccer game is being played.	1
A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	There is a soccer match.	1
A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	A soccer player is kicking a ball to his teammate.	1
A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	One team's colors are blue and white and the other team's color is red.	1
A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	A soccer player is standing on the sidelines.	0
A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	The teams are wearing blue and red.	1
A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	The teams are wearing pink and orange.	0
A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	The ball is a tennis ball.	0
A soccer player dressed in blue and white is kicking the ball to his teammate while other teammates and opponents dressed in red watch.	A red team and a blue team play basketball.	0
Past the tree, a man is riding a donkey.	The man rides a horse	0
Past the tree, a man is riding a donkey.	The man is on a donkey	1
A group of kids in red and white playing soccer.	Some kids are playing ball.	1
A group of kids in red and white playing soccer.	A group of kids are running track.	0
A man in a cap and scarf is outside painting a scene with a green fence in it.	The man is destorying a masterpiece.	0
A man in a cap and scarf is outside painting a scene with a green fence in it.	The man is painting.	1
A dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.	A cat with a ball	0
A dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.	A dog with a ball	1
An elderly man and woman are ready to maneuver a contraption.	A man and woman are sleeping in bed	0
An elderly man and woman are ready to maneuver a contraption.	A man and woman are maneuvering a contraption	1
A bicyclist with a backpack rides down a suburban street.	A bike rider is traveling along the street	1
A bicyclist with a backpack rides down a suburban street.	A bike rider crashes his bike	0
There is a fisherman standing in front of a large wave.	Fisherman laying on a beach chair	0
There is a fisherman standing in front of a large wave.	Fisherman standing in water	1
Heavy equipment leveling the sand on a nice beach.	People are walking along the beach.	0
Heavy equipment leveling the sand on a nice beach.	Heavy equipment is on the beach.	1
Heavy equipment leveling the sand on a nice beach.	People are working today.	1
A child in a blur shirt playing in a flower bed.	a child is playing	1
A child in a blur shirt playing in a flower bed.	the child watched a movie	0
Workers in baseball hats in their bright office.	Two workers are playing frisbee outside.	0
Workers in baseball hats in their bright office.	Two workers are inside an office building.	1
A man looks out over the water with an object in his hand.	A man looks over the water.	1
A man looks out over the water with an object in his hand.	A man is swimming in the water while he stands on the ground looking at the water.	0
Two people in baseball caps are sitting inside a large office space and looking at a computer screen.	The people are outdoors.	0
Two people in baseball caps are sitting inside a large office space and looking at a computer screen.	The people are indoors.	1
Two people in light colored baseball caps looking at two computer monitors in front of them.	people look at computers	1
Two people in light colored baseball caps looking at two computer monitors in front of them.	woman golfs outside	0
Two employees wearing white caps are working at two computer screens in a dimly lit room.	In a dimly lit room, two employees wearing white caps are working on computer	1
Two employees wearing white caps are working at two computer screens in a dimly lit room.	Few men cooking with a metal box	0
Two people in white hats look at a computer screen.	People stare up at the moon.	0
Two people in white hats look at a computer screen.	People looking at a computer.	1
A person on a blue scooter waits at a crosswalk.	Person riding a blue scooter	1
A person on a blue scooter waits at a crosswalk.	Person riding a blue car	0
An Asian person is sitting in the street on a motorbike.	Someone is outside on the street.	1
An Asian person is sitting in the street on a motorbike.	Someone is parking their motorbike in the garage.	0
A man with a helmet and a cellphone is sitting on his moped at a crosswalk.	woman chases greased pig	0
A man with a helmet and a cellphone is sitting on his moped at a crosswalk.	man uses phone on busy street	1
An asian man wearing a blue and white striped shirt speaks on the phone while he is sitting on a silver colored motorbike at a crosswalk.	An asian man wearing a blue and white striped shirt speaks on the phone while he is sitting on a silver colored motorbike that is going really fast down a freeway.	0
An asian man wearing a blue and white striped shirt speaks on the phone while he is sitting on a silver colored motorbike at a crosswalk.	A man sitting on a motorbike is on his phone.	1
A man sits on a blue scooter in the street.	The man is at the mall.	0
A man sits on a blue scooter in the street.	The man is outside.	1
Indoor scene of a woman in yellow with her back to the camera, and a man wearing a bandanna looking at something across the room.	Everybody is looking at their hands.	0
Indoor scene of a woman in yellow with her back to the camera, and a man wearing a bandanna looking at something across the room.	Someone is inside.	1
A woman wearing glasses sits and looks to the right.	I'm standing on my head.	0
A woman wearing glasses sits and looks to the right.	A woman sits.	1
It appears they are setting up for the meet.	the people are moving things	1
It appears they are setting up for the meet.	the people are meeting on Mars	0
A man in a black bandanna opens a box.	A man in a red hat throws a box.	0
A man in a black bandanna opens a box.	A person has a box and is looking inside.	1
A shirtless man poses with a girl hiking in a park.	Man and woman in formal attire, ready for a meeting.	0
A shirtless man poses with a girl hiking in a park.	Shirtless man posing with a girl in a park.	1
A woman in red wears glasses and long earrings.	the woman is a nudist being nude	0
A woman in red wears glasses and long earrings.	a woman in red	1
A closely contested swimming race.	The water is frozen.	0
A closely contested swimming race.	There is water in the photo.	1
Two men and one woman are dressed in costume hats.	the people are in costumes	1
Two men and one woman are dressed in costume hats.	the people are running through fire	0
three people dressed in costumes on a stage.	The people are not in normal clothing.	1
three people dressed in costumes on a stage.	The people are working at an office.	0
People in strange costumes in a play.	People perform in a play.	1
People in strange costumes in a play.	A group of people have lunch together.	0
The white dogs look curiously at the black llama.	THe black dogs look at a llama	0
The white dogs look curiously at the black llama.	THe white dogs look at a llama	1
Three people acting in a play.	Three people are acting	1
Three people acting in a play.	Three people are sleeping.	0
Outdoor market selling fruit and vegetables.	Fruit and vegetables sold outside.	1
Outdoor market selling fruit and vegetables.	Fruit and vegetables cannot be sold outside.	0
A black sheep with three white dogs.	There is one dog.	0
A black sheep with three white dogs.	The sheep are black.	1
A guy is running away from a black bull.	The people are watching a movie.	0
A guy is running away from a black bull.	A bull is chasing someone.	1
A man running away from a charging bull.	A man is running away from a bull	1
A man running away from a charging bull.	A man got attacked by a bull	0
Many men wrestling in a pile of mulch.	People are wrestling in mulch.	1
Many men wrestling in a pile of mulch.	Many women are wrestling in a pile of mulch.	0
Man in ring bending backwards with a bull behind him.	A man is in the same area as a bull.	1
Man in ring bending backwards with a bull behind him.	The man is riding the bull.	0
A group of men fighting at what looks to be a ranch.	The group of men are sleeping.	0
A group of men fighting at what looks to be a ranch.	A group of men are fighting.	1
A man and a woman are adjusting a costume headpiece on a brown and white cow.	Two people adjusting clothing on an animal.	1
A man and a woman are adjusting a costume headpiece on a brown and white cow.	Two guys tipping a cow over for fun.	0
Three men, one wearing a white shirt and a cowboy hat, and another wearing a long-sleeve blue shirt, and the other in a long-sleeve black shirt are fist fighting each other.	The men do not have shirts.	0
Three men, one wearing a white shirt and a cowboy hat, and another wearing a long-sleeve blue shirt, and the other in a long-sleeve black shirt are fist fighting each other.	Three men fight each other.	1
A group of young men are wrestling and horsing around in a dirt pit.	Proper young ladies have tea at noon.	0
A group of young men are wrestling and horsing around in a dirt pit.	Youngsters are ruff housing.	1
Several women standing on a sidewalk.	Women are mutated animals.	0
Several women standing on a sidewalk.	Women are on a sidewalk.	1
A shirtless man by a concrete wall holds a knife.	The man is armed	1
A shirtless man by a concrete wall holds a knife.	The wall has fallen on the man	0
A view of people on a street during the day with surrounding buildings.	a view of people are walking	1
A view of people on a street during the day with surrounding buildings.	The people are nowhere to be found.	0
A man and woman, on a park trail, pose in front of a lake and distant mountain.	A man and woman pose in front of a lake.	1
A man and woman, on a park trail, pose in front of a lake and distant mountain.	Two guys jump in a lake.	0
Two woman wearing dresses are standing on a street in the sun.	the women are wearing pants	0
Two woman wearing dresses are standing on a street in the sun.	it is a very sunny day	1
Two girls wearing dresses are standing on a bricked sidewalk.	The sidewalk is made of whipped cream.	0
Two girls wearing dresses are standing on a bricked sidewalk.	The girls are outside on a street.	1
Two blond girls in blue jerseys playing catch with a yellow ball.	Some people are playing.	1
Two blond girls in blue jerseys playing catch with a yellow ball.	The people are playing golf.	0
One girl tosses a softball to her team member on base.	One girl throws a ball to a teammate.	1
One girl tosses a softball to her team member on base.	One girl listens to some music.	0
A black and white dog is running through the grass.	The dogs are outside in a field.	1
A black and white dog is running through the grass.	The dogs are in car near the grass.	0
A girl with a number seven jersey throws a softball to her teammate.	The girl's jersey had an odd number on it.	1
A girl with a number seven jersey throws a softball to her teammate.	The girls sat inside doing homework.	0
The dog is running through a field.	A mammal runs.	1
The dog is running through a field.	The dog rests.	0
Happy Amusement Park riders on a theme park ride.	People riding a park ride.	1
Happy Amusement Park riders on a theme park ride.	Happy Amusement Park riders on an elephant.	0
Several people walking across an intersection.	People cross the road.	1
Several people walking across an intersection.	A sorority girl throws up.	0
Tourists posing by a cement camel statue.	Tourist on the plane ride home	0
Tourists posing by a cement camel statue.	Tourist standing next to statues	1
A lady in a gray shirt and blue jeans crosses the street at a crosswalk.	A woman crosses the street.	1
A lady in a gray shirt and blue jeans crosses the street at a crosswalk.	A woman waits on the corner.	0
A wedding couple are being photographed on a street corner amongst passersby and traffic.	A couple are being photographed on a street corner amongst passersby and traffic.	1
A wedding couple are being photographed on a street corner amongst passersby and traffic.	A boxing couple are being photographed on a street corner amongst passersby and traffic.	0
A group of young people take a silly picture in front of a camel statue outside.	Young people take a funny picture with a camel statue outside.	1
A group of young people take a silly picture in front of a camel statue outside.	A young person waits in line on picture day.	0
Seven people of Asian descent are expressing happiness standing in front of a stone dragon statue in a park in winter time.	The Asian people are looking at the monument and do not like the heat of the summer.	0
Seven people of Asian descent are expressing happiness standing in front of a stone dragon statue in a park in winter time.	The Asian people seem very happy as the look at the statue.	1
People standing near a statue posing for a photograph.	A pigeon poops on a man's head.	0
People standing near a statue posing for a photograph.	People posing.	1
A couple of people crossing the street.	Some people are walking inside a building.	0
A couple of people crossing the street.	Some pedestrians are in the road.	1
A mime and lady holding a gold microphone laughing.	The people are laughing.	1
A mime and lady holding a gold microphone laughing.	The people are at a airport flying on luggage bags.	0
An Irish dancer performs a solo.	A male is moving his body.	1
An Irish dancer performs a solo.	The Irish dancer is asleep.	0
A fireman strings emergency crowd management tape.	A fireman is climbing a ladder.	0
A fireman strings emergency crowd management tape.	A fireman is working.	1
a dog swimming through the water	The dog sits on the shore.	0
a dog swimming through the water	There is a dog in the water.	1
A firefighter is wrapping caution tape around a light post.	A firefighter is getting into a helicopter	0
A firefighter is wrapping caution tape around a light post.	A firefighter is standing by a light post	1
A woman sitting in a chair with her hand on her head while she is looking a piece of paper.	The woman is standing in line waiting for a bus	0
a white dog runs along the beach	The dog is asleep in his dog house.	0
a white dog runs along the beach	The dog is outside.	1
Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Two modern glass and stone buildings ruin the setting.	0
Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	There are multiple buildings in the setting.	1
Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	The two buildings are post-modern.	0
Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Two modern buildings are on fire.	0
Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	There are no buildings.	0
Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Two modern buildings complement the setting.	1
Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Five buildings are overlooking the ocean	0
Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	There are two buildings.	1
Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Two glass and stone buildings accent the environment.	1
Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.	Two buildings made out of glass and stone look gorgeous	1
A woman is walking at dusk down an urban street.	Its a small town	0
A woman is walking at dusk down an urban street.	Its getting dark out	1
Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	A women is on a cellphone.	1
Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	A woman sat idly near a lone building.	0
Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	A woman in a bar, holding a beer and a shot glass.	0
Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	a woman napping	0
Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	a woman outside	1
Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	A woman is talks on her phone near a walkway.	1
Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	The women is not on her phone.	0
Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	The woman is preoccupied.	1
Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	A woman on a phone.	1
Two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.	The woman is climbing the building.	0
A girl in a red winter coat walks down the city sidewalk as she speaks on the phone.	A young lady walks outside.	1
A girl in a red winter coat walks down the city sidewalk as she speaks on the phone.	A female model walks the catwalk during a fashion show.	0
Someone walking along a wall.	A child is not moving.	0
Someone walking along a wall.	A person is moving.	1
Two women wait for a bus.	couple of women looking for bus	1
Two women wait for a bus.	women at work	0
Two blond dogs sniff one another.	The dogs are attacking one another.	0
Two blond dogs sniff one another.	Two dogs sniff one another.	1
A baseball player strains to throw a ball.	The player is throwing the ball.	1
A baseball player strains to throw a ball.	The player cannot throw a ball.	0
A man wearing a black shirt is looking at a binder on a music stand while playing a guitar.	A man has a guitar.	1
A man wearing a black shirt is looking at a binder on a music stand while playing a guitar.	A man is playing the tuba.	0
A child is standing on a walkway with the sun to her back.	The child is sitting on a bench.	0
A child is standing on a walkway with the sun to her back.	A child standing with the sun behind her.	1
A kid is standing on a boardwalk while the parents watch.	There are at least three people in this picture, and they are all outside.	1
A kid is standing on a boardwalk while the parents watch.	The father carries his now asleep son back to the car to head home for the night.	0
A small child with blond-hair and a pink shirt stands alone on a bridge.	A small child is standing on a bridge with their parents.	0
A small child with blond-hair and a pink shirt stands alone on a bridge.	A small child is standing over a river.	1
Man in black shirt plays silver electric guitar.	A man is playing on a banjo.	0
Man in black shirt plays silver electric guitar.	A man plays a silver electric guitar.	1
A little girl walking on a concrete boardwalk.	A girl is sitting in the sand.	0
A little girl walking on a concrete boardwalk.	A girl is walking on a boardwalk.	1
A group men playing musical instruments.	people play instruments	1
A group men playing musical instruments.	hockey goalie stops shot	0
City workers are working on the subway.	people outside	0
City workers are working on the subway.	city workers are working	1
Four Musicians are playing music on a baseball field.	Six Musicians are playing music on a soccer field.	0
Four Musicians are playing music on a baseball field.	Musicians are playing music.	1
Men are playing different musical instruments in a park.	They make music together	1
Men are playing different musical instruments in a park.	They play hocket in the park	0
Many people in orange jackets are working in the subway station.	A person is waiting on a subway.	0
Many people in orange jackets are working in the subway station.	Lots of people are working in the subway station.	1
Workers in hard hats and orange vests laying cement tiles over the floor.	Workers are working with cement tiles.	1
Workers in hard hats and orange vests laying cement tiles over the floor.	Workers are wearing hard hats and eating lunch.	0
Construction workers laying cement in a building.	Construction workers are sleeping on the job.	0
Construction workers laying cement in a building.	Construction workers are working in a building.	1
Musicians play on a baseball diamond.	There are people playing baseball	1
Musicians play on a baseball diamond.	There are people watching musicians	0
A relaxing day of fishing for this young man.	A man fishes.	1
A relaxing day of fishing for this young man.	A tornado passes near a man that is fishing.	0
Two men walking in front of a Farmers Market.	Two men run past a Farmers Market while trying to lose some cops.	0
Two men walking in front of a Farmers Market.	Two men are walking near a Farmers Market.	1
Two men in shorts and flip-flops walking in front of the Farmer's Market.	Two men walk in front of a market.	1
Two men in shorts and flip-flops walking in front of the Farmer's Market.	Two men burn down a market then run from the cops.	0
Two men in shorts and sandals are carrying food and drinks at a farmers market.	Men looking at used cars.	0
Two men in shorts and sandals are carrying food and drinks at a farmers market.	Men shopping their local market.	1
Two men in shorts, sleeveless shirts, and sandals hold plastic cups of iced tea in front of a clock tower labeled' Farmers Market.'	Men in shorts at a market	1
Two men in shorts, sleeveless shirts, and sandals hold plastic cups of iced tea in front of a clock tower labeled' Farmers Market.'	Two men sitting down at pizza hut	0
Two young men similarly attired walk leisurely through a farmer's market shortly before 2 o'clock in the afternoon, drinking a beverage, possibly tea.	The young men are at the farmer's market.	1
Two young men similarly attired walk leisurely through a farmer's market shortly before 2 o'clock in the afternoon, drinking a beverage, possibly tea.	2 men kick a circus clown	0
Two young men similarly attired walk leisurely through a farmer's market shortly before 2 o'clock in the afternoon, drinking a beverage, possibly tea.	The young men are causing a scene.	0
Two young men similarly attired walk leisurely through a farmer's market shortly before 2 o'clock in the afternoon, drinking a beverage, possibly tea.	Two men walking through a market	1
A boy getting his hair buzzed off by another boy.	A boy getting a haircut.	1
A boy getting his hair buzzed off by another boy.	A girl braiding her hair.	0
A boy is sitting in a chair getting a haircut.	A boy is swimming with his friends.	0
A boy is sitting in a chair getting a haircut.	A boy is sitting down.	1
A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A boy gives another person a hair cut.	1
A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A male is shaving a black persons hair , while wearing a garment.	1
A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A woman is braiding the long hair of another woman outside.	0
A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	An African American is sitting at the barbershop.	0
A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	An African American man shaves a little girl's head.	0
A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A boy is shaving an African American's hair.	1
A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A boy is running.	0
A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A child rides a scooter down the sidewalk.	0
A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A person is getting a haircut at home.	1
A boy is shaving a African American's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself.	A boy shaves someone's head at home.	1
A black boy is cutting another black boy's hair with a razor.	A black boy is giving another one a hair cut.	1
A black boy is cutting another black boy's hair with a razor.	The black boy is braiding the others hair.	0
A man dressed in black is smoking a cigarette.	An individual is smoking.	1
A man dressed in black is smoking a cigarette.	A man dressed in yellow is drinking out of a glass bottle.	0
A baby and a toddler are smiling whilst playing in a nursery.	Kids are playing in the nursery.	1
A baby and a toddler are smiling whilst playing in a nursery.	Kids are working on their homework.	0
A young boy and his baby brother get excited about picture taking.	Two children are crying about having their pictures taken.	0
A young boy and his baby brother get excited about picture taking.	Two children prepare to get their picture taken.	1
A man with a beer and another man facing each other, talking.	A man is dancing with beer.	0
A man with a beer and another man facing each other, talking.	A man is drinking beer.	1
Two men having a conversation in an outdoor public area.	The two men are doing their own things.	0
Two men having a conversation in an outdoor public area.	The two men are talking.	1
One older man holding a beer standing with another man.	Two men stand together, one is holding a beer.	1
One older man holding a beer standing with another man.	Two men play dodgeball at the gym.	0
Two men, one enjoying a beer, have a discussion.	Two men are riding on a boat.	0
Two men, one enjoying a beer, have a discussion.	Two men are talking to each other.	1
A girl is serving food and a man is staring at her.	A man is staring at a girl.	1
A girl is serving food and a man is staring at her.	A girl is serving food and a man is looking the other direction.	0
A young girl jumps off of a couch and high into the air.	the young lady knows how to fly in sky	0
A young girl jumps off of a couch and high into the air.	there is a young girl who is trained in jumping	1
The number 13 player is about to kick a blue and white soccer ball.	number 13 is on the soccer field.	1
The number 13 player is about to kick a blue and white soccer ball.	number 13 was benched for the whole game.	0
Men on a beach dragging a long fishing net attached to a boat.	A man sleeping on the beach.	0
Men on a beach dragging a long fishing net attached to a boat.	A man getting his boat prepared	1
Five men hauling in a fishing net on the beach.	The men use their arms to pull in the net.	1
Five men hauling in a fishing net on the beach.	The men are relaxing.	0
Five men on the beach are pulling a sail out of the water.	The men are dining at a fine restaurant.	0
Five men on the beach are pulling a sail out of the water.	The men are outside.	1
Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Men sitting on a couch in the living room.	0
Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Men holding a fishing rod	0
Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Men outdoors by the water	1
Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	a man ice fishes on the frozen lake	0
Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Fishermen get ready to work.	1
Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Humans on the moon.	0
Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Men holding a fishing net.	1
Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	a man fishes with a net	1
Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Humans holding something	1
Men holding a fishing net on the beach.	Hunters shoot a 10 point deer.	0
Three people put up a batting cage.	people put up a structure	1
Three people put up a batting cage.	Three people stand around and drink martinis	0
Three women of different ages in white dresses sitting in a dusty clearing in front of trees.	The three men are eating steak.	0
Three women of different ages in white dresses sitting in a dusty clearing in front of trees.	Three ladies of different ages are sitting in front of the forest.	1
A boy hits a ball off of a tee ball into to net.	A boy plays a game	1
A boy hits a ball off of a tee ball into to net.	A boy hits a ball off of a tee ball and wins the big game	0
A bike mechanic is working on fixing his bike before the big race.	A mechanic was fixing a bike for the race.	1
A bike mechanic is working on fixing his bike before the big race.	A man was riding a bike.	0
A man holds a net while a boys bats a ball into it.	The man is wearing a dress while holding a net for a boy to bat a ball into.	0
A man holds a net while a boys bats a ball into it.	Two males play together.	1
Construction workers pose for a picture on a work site.	Dancers pose for a picture.	0
Construction workers pose for a picture on a work site.	Laborers stand in front of a camera.	1
Construction workers at an construction site.	Construction workers are working.	1
Construction workers at an construction site.	Office workers at an office.	0
A group of construction workers wearing hard hats are standing, holding gloves and tools.	People are standing.	1
A group of construction workers wearing hard hats are standing, holding gloves and tools.	People are sitting in a park.	0
Five men wearing construction hats are at a construction site.	Five men are working construction.	1
Five men wearing construction hats are at a construction site.	Five men surfing in hats.	0
A woman in a brown top with glasses is standing in front of a chart.	A person with eye wear and brown clothes is standing.	1
A woman in a brown top with glasses is standing in front of a chart.	A woman with contacts sits in front of a Taco Bell.	0
A black dog swims in water with a colorful ball in his mouth.	The dog has nothing in it's mouth.	0
A black dog swims in water with a colorful ball in his mouth.	The dog is swimming.	1
Men standing at a construction site.	Construction team members are standing on site.	1
Men standing at a construction site.	Men are eating pizza together.	0
A very large Oriental structure is positioned in the middle of a sidewalk and some people crowd around it while others merely walk by.	The people are crowded around the Statue of Liberty.	0
A very large Oriental structure is positioned in the middle of a sidewalk and some people crowd around it while others merely walk by.	People are crowded around and walking by the large Oriental structure.	1
Several people walk on a sidewalk next to a tall structure with a mural painted on it.	The people are walking on the sidewalk by a mural.	1
Several people walk on a sidewalk next to a tall structure with a mural painted on it.	The people are running on a dirt road with trees surrounded them.	0
People walking outside in front of a large Asian type decoration.	People are outside.	1
People walking outside in front of a large Asian type decoration.	People are fighting.	0
A woman poses in front of a tall ceremonial display in Japan.	A woman in Asia.	1
A woman poses in front of a tall ceremonial display in Japan.	A tourist is running from an angry mob.	0
A woman in a gray outfit walks along a brick promenade.	The woman is walking on concrete.	0
A woman in a gray outfit walks along a brick promenade.	The woman in gray is outside.	1
Woman in shorts and tank top sitting on a stone wall.	A lady sitting on a wall.	1
Woman in shorts and tank top sitting on a stone wall.	The lady is playing baseball.	0
Young Asian female sitting in a pose on a stone wallas she is being photographed.	a woman is skydiving	0
Young Asian female sitting in a pose on a stone wallas she is being photographed.	a woman poses	1
An attractive young woman dressed in blue jean shorts and a gray patterned shirt sits on a railing along side a sidewalk with a pensive expression on her face.	There are blue jean shorts.	1
An attractive young woman dressed in blue jean shorts and a gray patterned shirt sits on a railing along side a sidewalk with a pensive expression on her face.	The shorts are black.	0
A young girl plays peek-a-boo, covering the eyes of the man on whose shoulders she sits.	A young girl sits on the shoulders of a man.	1
A young girl plays peek-a-boo, covering the eyes of the man on whose shoulders she sits.	A young girl is shouting at a man.	0
A brown-haired boy with a white shirt looking out the window of a bus or subway.	wolf sleeping	0
A brown-haired boy with a white shirt looking out the window of a bus or subway.	boy looks out window	1
A girl in a red shirt is outside crying.	A girl is crying.	1
A girl in a red shirt is outside crying.	A girl is cooking in a kitchen.	0
A young man sits, looking out of a train window.	The man is in his room	0
A young man sits, looking out of a train window.	A man is looking somewhere	1
A young child with pigtails is raising her hands upwards.	A kid raising their hands.	1
A young child with pigtails is raising her hands upwards.	A bald child lowering her hands.	0
A little girl is playing with park equipment.	A human playing	1
A little girl is playing with park equipment.	Nobody is playing	0
Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	The girl is happy	0
Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	A young boy is happy to be on the outdoor playground	0
Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	The young Asian girl is at a playground.	1
Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	A girl looks at a playground.	1
Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	A Caucasian man looks happy while sitting in a theater.	0
Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	The Asian girl is at the doctor's office.	0
Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	Two boys jumping rope.	0
Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	A girl is looking at a playground.	1
Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	The young girl is sad	1
Young Asian girl who looks upset at a children's outdoor playground.	A young girl at the playground looks upset	1
A young girl with ponytails is reaching up to blue bars and crying.	The girl is crying while her arms are stretched up.	1
A young girl with ponytails is reaching up to blue bars and crying.	The girl doesn't have her hair pulled up.	0
A girl jumping in the grass.	A girl is sitting down in the grass.	0
A girl jumping in the grass.	A girl is jumping outdoors.	1
Several men are working on tiles together while sitting on the floor.	boy plays sega	0
Several men are working on tiles together while sitting on the floor.	men work on tiles	1
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	A boy lies down.	0
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	The girl is incapable of jumping.	0
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	The girl is outside.	1
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	A girl jumps.	1
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	A girl jumps.	1
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	The girl is riding in the back seat of the car.	0
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	The girl is wearing a pink shirt.	1
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	A girl crawls through the grass.	0
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	The girl is at home sleeping.	0
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.	The girl is getting her feet of the ground.	1
A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A girl jumps in the air and sticks her tongue out.	1
A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	The girl sprained her ankle and is in a wheelchair.	0
A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A young girl is laying on the ground doing a puzzle.	0
A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	The girl is jumping fairly high.	1
A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A young girl is jumping into the air.	1
A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A girl sticks her tongue out.	1
A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A young child is in motion.	1
A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A girl sits quietly in the library.	0
A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	A boy cleans a fish.	0
A young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.	The boy takes a bite of a cookie.	0
Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	The seven men are chipping tiles with a screwdriver.	0
Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Some men are chipping at some tiles with hammers.	1
Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Seven men are lying tile in the bathroom.	0
Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Men dancing in the street.	0
Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Men are working.	1
Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Seven men are working with tools.	1
Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Several males are using hammers to chip away tiles.	1
Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	Two men in hard hats are sitting on a beam at the top of a new highrise.	0
Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	The men are fixing floor.	0
Seven men chipping tiles with hammers.	people are chipping tiles.	1
A girl jumps in the grass.	A female is outside.	1
A girl jumps in the grass.	A girl is being lazy and laying on the carpet.	0
A girl jumps in the grass.	a girl is lying down in bed	0
A girl jumps in the grass.	The grass absorbs a child leaping vertically.	1
A girl jumps in the grass.	There is a girl sitting on a chair.	0
A girl jumps in the grass.	A little girl is playing outside.	1
A girl jumps in the grass.	A sedentary girl is spotted seated on the concrete.	0
A girl jumps in the grass.	a girl is jumping	1
A girl jumps in the grass.	There is a person jumping.	1
A girl jumps in the grass.	A boy is bouncing on a trampoline.	0
A worker is gardening in a variety of plants.	A person is near plants.	1
A worker is gardening in a variety of plants.	The gardener is not near any plants.	0
One man stands in the shallow water while another sits on a rock by a river with a rock cliff in the background.	Two men are around water	1
One man stands in the shallow water while another sits on a rock by a river with a rock cliff in the background.	Two woman are going for a swim	0
A man posing in front of a crowd on a busy street.	A man drinking coffee at an outside cafe.	0
A man posing in front of a crowd on a busy street.	A man standing in front of a crowd on a busy street.	1
Someone wearing a conical hat is gardening in the foreground while people dressed in blue are looking out in the opposite direction.	Nobody is gardening	0
Someone wearing a conical hat is gardening in the foreground while people dressed in blue are looking out in the opposite direction.	A human gardening	1
One person wearing a Chinese hat, gardening, while a group of people facing the opposite direction stand behind him.	A person is digging a grave.	0
One person wearing a Chinese hat, gardening, while a group of people facing the opposite direction stand behind him.	A person is gardening.	1
A worker in a white straw hat with pink gloves on tending a small garden.	A person in a white hat is outdoors.	1
A worker in a white straw hat with pink gloves on tending a small garden.	A woman is sitting on the beach on a towel.	0
A gardener in a blue jumpsuit and pink gloves is kneeling in the bushes.	The gardener is reaching high to trim a tall tree branch.	0
A gardener in a blue jumpsuit and pink gloves is kneeling in the bushes.	There is a person in the plants.	1
Two kids underneath a sheet playing with a white dog.	The dog is black.	0
Two kids underneath a sheet playing with a white dog.	The kids are playing with a dog.	1
A man in white khakis, a white hat, a black t-shirt, and a gray vest and a young boy in a white t-shirt and dark colored shorts appear to be fishing or looking for precious gems in muddy water.	A man and a boy asleep in muddy water.	0
A man in white khakis, a white hat, a black t-shirt, and a gray vest and a young boy in a white t-shirt and dark colored shorts appear to be fishing or looking for precious gems in muddy water.	A man and a boy looking for gems in water.	1
Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	three people plant flowers	1
Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	The old men are going fishing.	0
Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	Some people are planting flowers.	1
Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	Three people are working outside.	1
Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	Three people bake a pie	0
Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	A group gardens together	1
Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	Three people are planting flower	1
Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	three people in the basement watching movies	0
Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	Some men are playing video games inside.	0
Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.	Three people are burying a body	0
People trying to improve the compound near in their school in downtown Los Angeles.	People are in New York	0
People trying to improve the compound near in their school in downtown Los Angeles.	People are in downtown Los Angeles.	1
Two girls throwing a football in their backyard.	Two girls are playing catch with a football.	1
Two girls throwing a football in their backyard.	Two girls are in a wresting match.	0
A man in a hat rests on a big rock in the middle of a muddy river as another man behind him carefully makes his way to the rocky path.	there are men near rocks	1
A man in a hat rests on a big rock in the middle of a muddy river as another man behind him carefully makes his way to the rocky path.	the men are swimming in the lake	0
Two young men selling goods in a market.	Two young people selling goods in a market.	1
Two young men selling goods in a market.	Two young women selling goods in a market.	0
A man on a phone stands before a seated man.	There is a man standing near a man	1
A man on a phone stands before a seated man.	There is a man sitting next to someone	0
A boy dressed as a pirate and a girl dressed as a princess are running down the street.	Two kids in costume are in the street.	1
A boy dressed as a pirate and a girl dressed as a princess are running down the street.	Two kids dressed as clowns run down the street.	0
Children selling beads and jewelry on a floor.	the boy was the only one on the floor	0
Children selling beads and jewelry on a floor.	the children were on the floor	1
Some youth are playing basketball on an outdoor court.	The youth are playing basketball.	1
Some youth are playing basketball on an outdoor court.	The old men played tennis.	0
A man is riding a bull at a rodeo setting with a small crowd watching.	a woman eating a cow	0
A man is riding a bull at a rodeo setting with a small crowd watching.	a man riding a bull	1
An older man sits on the rocks and looks on as the younger man investigates what is in the water.	A man is sitting on a rock.	1
An older man sits on the rocks and looks on as the younger man investigates what is in the water.	An older man is sitting on a rock with a younger man.	0
A yellow dog runs through the grass.	The dog is outside.	1
A yellow dog runs through the grass.	The dog is sleeping.	0
Performers dressed as a princess, deer, table, and a hooded figure interact with each other.	There are people performing a scene.	1
Performers dressed as a princess, deer, table, and a hooded figure interact with each other.	The people are all dressed in formal wear.	0
The man and woman show off their matching skull tattoos.	There are people comparing skin art.	1
The man and woman show off their matching skull tattoos.	The people are sleeping.	0
Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	The people are sitting.	0
Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	The trio are not in normal clothes.	1
Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	Three people stand around talking in their costumes.	1
Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	Some people in costumes	1
Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	People are hanging out.	1
Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	People are sleeping	0
Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	The people are ignoring each other.	0
Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	Two people in costumes talking.	0
Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	There are people talking.	1
Three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.	Nobody has a costume	0
Father showing sons pictures on his camera.	The father has taken photos.	1
Father showing sons pictures on his camera.	The father is dead.	0
A cream colored dog runs through green grass.	A dog running outside.	1
A cream colored dog runs through green grass.	A black dog scared off by a wolf.	0
a man and woman have matching tattoos.	Two people have body art.	1
a man and woman have matching tattoos.	Two men have different tattoos.	0
A person on a unicycle jumping down the path in a beautiful area surrounded by shrubbery.	The unicycle has one wheel.	1
A person on a unicycle jumping down the path in a beautiful area surrounded by shrubbery.	The unicycle is made of paper.	0
A person is doing a bicycle trick over the rocks while a bystander gives a thumbs up.	Someone is performing a trick.	1
A person is doing a bicycle trick over the rocks while a bystander gives a thumbs up.	Nobody is cheering someone on.	0
One footballer is tackling another for the football.	People are playing football.	1
One footballer is tackling another for the football.	A baseball game is in progress.	0
A mountain biker does a trick on a forest path.	a boy pushing his toy truck	0
A mountain biker does a trick on a forest path.	a biker on a forest path	1
Two hikers on a dirt road.	Two hikers walking down a dirt road.	1
Two hikers on a dirt road.	Two hikers taking a swim.	0
A small child is sitting playing with an adornment in a small garden.	A child plays.	1
A small child is sitting playing with an adornment in a small garden.	Martians prefer brie.	0
Two individuals are standing next to some supplies in a mountainous area.	Two people are standing next to some supplies.	1
Two individuals are standing next to some supplies in a mountainous area.	Two people are watching a dog swimming in a pool.	0
Two people are standing near carts full of many items, in front of a mountain background.	They are standing by the carts.	1
Two people are standing near carts full of many items, in front of a mountain background.	They are knocking over the carts filled with merchandise.	0
two people with hiking gear at a checkpoint on a mountain.	The two people are sleeping in the sand.	0
two people with hiking gear at a checkpoint on a mountain.	There are people on the mountain.	1
Two people are organizing supplies outside near the mountains.	Two people are having a tea party on the beach.	0
Two people are organizing supplies outside near the mountains.	People putting together equipment near some mountains.	1
A red speed boat crosses the water.	A red speed boat is in the water.	1
A red speed boat crosses the water.	The truck is carrying a red speed boat away from the marina.	0
A child grimaces for a photo, teeth bared, while eating a blue, heart-shaped lollipop.	A lady is writing a letter to someone.	0
A child grimaces for a photo, teeth bared, while eating a blue, heart-shaped lollipop.	Someone is making faces at a photographer.	1
A man in white shit uses laptop nest to a large monument.	a man has a laptop	1
A man in white shit uses laptop nest to a large monument.	a man is in black shit thinking white would be better and also wondering about the person who wrote the photo caption	0
A closeup of a child's face eating a blue, heart shaped lollipop.	A kid eating at Taco Bell.	0
A closeup of a child's face eating a blue, heart shaped lollipop.	A child enjoying some candy.	1
A young man in a white tank top views a laptop on a stone bench.	A man looks at his computer.	1
A young man in a white tank top views a laptop on a stone bench.	A man reads the newspaper on the stone bench.	0
A man in a white tank top sitting down looking at a laptop.	A man in a white tank top sitting down looking at a laptop	1
A man in a white tank top sitting down looking at a laptop.	The man in is reading the newspaper	0
A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	The man is attending a lecture in an auditorium.	0
A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A person holds something.	1
A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A man escapes from his captives and runs to the Jefferson Memorial.	0
A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A man with a laptop rests by sitting next to a large white column.	1
A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	The guy is outside.	1
A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	Nobody is holding anything.	0
A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A naked man stands next to a statue.	0
A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A man is holding his laptop while sitting.	1
A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A man works on his laptop outside.	1
A man in a white tank shirt holds a laptop while sitting next to a white column with a statue on top of it.	A man is sitting on his laptop.	0
A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	The man is sitting next to the statue.	1
A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A man sitting beside a pillar using a computer	1
A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A man is talking to a statue about how to use the internet.	0
A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	The man is reading a hardcover book outside.	0
A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A young man is riding bike through the woods.	0
A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	The man is chasing a dog.	0
A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A man is using his laptop next to a statue.	1
A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A man in a suit relaxes beside a pillar	0
A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A man in a white shirt is working on a computer.	1
A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.	A man uses his laptop while sitting under a statute.	1
This man is shooting pool with another man in a game where there are all solid colored balls.	Men are playing pool	1
This man is shooting pool with another man in a game where there are all solid colored balls.	A man is playing pool with another woman in a game with all striped balls.	0
A man in a dark room plays billiards while his opponent watches.	Two men playing dominoes.	0
A man in a dark room plays billiards while his opponent watches.	Two men playing billiards.	1
A man is playing pool, shooting a ball toward the camera.	A man is sitting on a bar stool ordering a drink.	0
A man is playing pool, shooting a ball toward the camera.	A man is leaning over a table with a stick in his hand.	1
A man lining up a shot in snooker.	The woman is playing snooker.	0
A man lining up a shot in snooker.	A man is playing snooker.	1
A woman in a white dress is walking down the street.	Someone is walking down the street.	1
A woman in a white dress is walking down the street.	A woman in white is sitting in a car.	0
a man and a woman having a conversation on a mountaintop restaurant	A man and woman talk atop a mountain.	1
a man and a woman having a conversation on a mountaintop restaurant	A band plays an irish jig.	0
An old man wearing a red hat and black raincoat.	The older gentleman is dressed for the outdoors.	1
An old man wearing a red hat and black raincoat.	An older man is dressed in surgical scrubs.	0
A subways worker checks the rail in a tunnel.	There are people working in an office	0
A subways worker checks the rail in a tunnel.	There are people working on the rails	1
A young boy in a red shirt and orange pants rides a bicycle supporting several American flags.	The boy is riding a motorcycle with American flags.	0
A young boy in a red shirt and orange pants rides a bicycle supporting several American flags.	A boy rides a bike and supports American flags.	1
There is a little boy in a red shirt and orange shorts riding a bicycle that has been decorated with red, white, and blue items.	The boy is playing video games at home.	0
There is a little boy in a red shirt and orange shorts riding a bicycle that has been decorated with red, white, and blue items.	A boy is riding a bicycle.	1
A child is riding a decorated bicycle with an American flag on the back.	A child is riding with a flag	1
A child is riding a decorated bicycle with an American flag on the back.	a child is swimming	0
A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A young girl destroys her pink bicycle.	0
A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	An old blond boy is riding a bicycle.	0
A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A boy rides a bike.	1
A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	The bicyclist is a girl.	0
A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A young boy is sitting in the grass.	0
A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A young blond boy is riding a bicycle.	1
A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A criminal chases a child.	0
A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A boy is riding a bike.	1
A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	A young male rides a very american themed bike.	1
A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.	The boy is cycling.	1
A young boy enjoys riding his patriotic bike down the road.	The boy is asleep.	0
A young boy enjoys riding his patriotic bike down the road.	The boy is outside.	1
A old man blowing bubbles in the park.	An old man is reading a book in the park.	0
A old man blowing bubbles in the park.	An old man is ourdoors.	1
Woman in a white and gold shirt holding a baby and with three children and a man in a jacket.	The man and woman are with four children.	1
Woman in a white and gold shirt holding a baby and with three children and a man in a jacket.	The woman is wearing only a bikini.	0
An old man blows colorful bubbles like a young child.	An old man is playing outside.	1
An old man blows colorful bubbles like a young child.	An old man is walking the neighboorhood.	0
An older man in a gray jacket is blowing bubbles.	The men is reading a sign	0
An older man in a gray jacket is blowing bubbles.	A man is blowing bubbles	1
Man in gray and blue coat blows bubbles.	A man is wearing black	0
Man in gray and blue coat blows bubbles.	A man is wearing gray	1
Elderly person blowing bubbles outside.	An old person is blowing bubbles.	1
Elderly person blowing bubbles outside.	A boy is swimming.	0
A person carving a hawk out of a tree trunk with a chainsaw.	a person is carving	1
A person carving a hawk out of a tree trunk with a chainsaw.	a person is carving with a knife	0
An artist is carving an intricate sculpture using a tree and an electric saw.	An artist is sculpting a tree.	1
An artist is carving an intricate sculpture using a tree and an electric saw.	The artist is painting a tree.	0
A woodcarver is carving a bald eagle out of wood at a carnival as spectators look on.	The person is carving some wood.	1
A woodcarver is carving a bald eagle out of wood at a carnival as spectators look on.	The man is carving a piece of metal.	0
A man is using a chainsaw to carve a bear and a bird out of wood.	A man is scuplting.	1
A man is using a chainsaw to carve a bear and a bird out of wood.	A man is sitting down.	0
Man wearing black and carving an eagle sculpture with a chainsaw.	Man painting a sunset.	0
Man wearing black and carving an eagle sculpture with a chainsaw.	Man working on an artpiece with a power towel.	1
A person with gray hair wears a red hat and watches it snow.	The person with gray hair is watching it rain.	0
A person with gray hair wears a red hat and watches it snow.	It is snowing.	1
A small boy with a blue and yellow backpack and a wool cap is looking at fresh flowers in a store.	A boy is picking flowers in the cemetary.	0
A small boy with a blue and yellow backpack and a wool cap is looking at fresh flowers in a store.	A boy is looking at fresh flowers in the store.	1
A drum majorette dressed in a white band uniform is standing in the street.	A woman is outdoors.	1
A drum majorette dressed in a white band uniform is standing in the street.	A woman is sitting on a couch.	0
People are using conveyor belts to go up or down.	People riding conveyor belts.	1
People are using conveyor belts to go up or down.	People watching T.V.	0
A man in a t-shirt rides an escalator with a shopping cart.	The man has no shirt on.	0
A man in a t-shirt rides an escalator with a shopping cart.	The man is shopping.	1
Three people going up an escalator and a man with a shopping cart coming down the escalator.	People are going up an escalator	1
Three people going up an escalator and a man with a shopping cart coming down the escalator.	The people are standing in line	0
A girl with a white sweatshirt and blond-hair is smiling.	The girl is wearing white.	1
A girl with a white sweatshirt and blond-hair is smiling.	The boy is smiling	0
A man on a green and black motorbike has a crowd cheering in the background.	A man rides a motorbike.	1
A man on a green and black motorbike has a crowd cheering in the background.	A man is sitting in a crowd.	0
man with white helmet burning rubber of his black and green motorcycle	A women rides a bike.	0
man with white helmet burning rubber of his black and green motorcycle	A person has a motorcycle.	1
A man in a green and black coat does a burnout in a matching motorcycle in front of a crowd behind fences.	People are watching a man ride a motorcycle.	1
A man in a green and black coat does a burnout in a matching motorcycle in front of a crowd behind fences.	A man is wearing a red flannel shirt.	0
A man with a green and black jacket and white helmet rides a motorbike in front of a crowd.	A man with a green and black jacket and white helmet rides a motorbike	1
A man with a green and black jacket and white helmet rides a motorbike in front of a crowd.	A man with a green and black jacket and white helmet doesn't ride a motorbike	0
Person in a green hooded sweatshirt, looking at the view.	The person is driving a car on the road.	0
Person in a green hooded sweatshirt, looking at the view.	A person is looking at a view.	1
A man dressed in gray gear, including helmet, races a dirt bike on a dirt track.	A man has gray gear.	1
A man dressed in gray gear, including helmet, races a dirt bike on a dirt track.	The man has red gear.	0
A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	The pers	0
A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is swimming in the ocean.	0
A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is standing outside.	1
A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is outside wearing clothes.	1
A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is standing in the desert.	0
A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A man is running through the city.	0
A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is not in front of the green hills.	0
A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is looking at the view.	1
A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	A person is dressed in green and wearing shorts is standing in front of green hills.	1
A person, dressed in green hoodie and shorts, stands in front of a vista of green hills.	The person is outside	1
A woman in shorts and a green hoodie, at an observation point along a trail, overlooking the mountains below.	The woman is wearing long pants.	0
A woman in shorts and a green hoodie, at an observation point along a trail, overlooking the mountains below.	The woman in shorts is looking at mountains.	1
Two dogs run along the green grass near the water.	the dogs are by the indoor pool	0
Two dogs run along the green grass near the water.	the two dogs are outside	1
A woman with blond-hair is smiling and putting on a white sweater.	A woman is feeding an elephant at the zoo.	0
A woman with blond-hair is smiling and putting on a white sweater.	A person is dressing.	1
A black dog runs through a field.	There are animals running on field	1
A black dog runs through a field.	The pets are taking rest.	0
A dog running fast with ears flying.	The dog is moving slowly.	0
A dog running fast with ears flying.	The dog is running fast.	1
A black dog running towards the camera.	A dog running.	1
A black dog running towards the camera.	A cat sleeping.	0
An older man with white hair a blue jacket and a bright red hat.	A man has a blue hat.	0
An older man with white hair a blue jacket and a bright red hat.	A man has on a red hat.	1
Woman in black poses near a pyramid fountain.	The man is wearing black.	0
Woman in black poses near a pyramid fountain.	The woman is wearing black.	1
A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	There is a boy watching TV in his living room.	0
A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	There is a person outside.	1
A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A girl sits by a fountain.	1
A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A girl is sitting at a fountain.	1
A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A human	1
A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A girl is standing in a large fountain.	0
A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A boy sits alone at a large fountain	0
A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	A boys sits outside at a small fountain.	0
A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	Nobody is around.	0
A girl sits outside at a large fountain.	There is a person outdoors	1
A woman and two others are sitting nearby a decorative water fountain.	A woman sits next to a fountain.	1
A woman and two others are sitting nearby a decorative water fountain.	A woman and two others are sitting inside a water fountain.	0
A woman sits on a wall next to a large conical fountain.	the woman is reading a book at home in her bedroom	0
A woman sits on a wall next to a large conical fountain.	a woman sits next to a fountain	1
Men in hard hats and orange and green outfits walking outside of a gray concrete structure with short fencing in front of it.	Men are outside.	1
Men in hard hats and orange and green outfits walking outside of a gray concrete structure with short fencing in front of it.	Men are sleeping in the snow	0
A young woman sits near a fountain.	The woman is relaxing.	1
A young woman sits near a fountain.	The woman is walling.	0
A softball player in red and white swings and hits the yellow ball.	A softball player swings and hits a ball.	1
A softball player in red and white swings and hits the yellow ball.	A softball player just scored the winning goal in the soccer game.	0
A woman poses for a picture outdoors.	A woman is taking a walk in the building.	0
A woman poses for a picture outdoors.	A woman poses for a photo outside.	1
A white dog with a blue collar runs while carrying a yellow toy.	A dog with a collar runs carrying a toy.	1
A white dog with a blue collar runs while carrying a yellow toy.	A cat with no collar runs carrying a mouse.	0
a white dog is running on a grassy path carrying a yellow object in its mouth.	A dog running.	1
a white dog is running on a grassy path carrying a yellow object in its mouth.	A black dog walking carrying a pink object.	0
A white dog with a yellow toy in his mouth runs through a nature trail towards the camera.	A dog with a toy in his mouth runs through a trail.	1
A white dog with a yellow toy in his mouth runs through a nature trail towards the camera.	A cat with a mouse in his mouth running through a field.	0
A young child is splashed by the ocean's waves while she plays on the beach.	A young child plays on the beach.	1
A young child is splashed by the ocean's waves while she plays on the beach.	A child plays in the mud.	0
A young boy with his tongue stuck out is climbing onto a wooden platform.	The boy is crawling on the ground.	0
A young boy with his tongue stuck out is climbing onto a wooden platform.	The boy is sticking out his tongue at someone or something.	1
A small boy raising his hand and standing among a lot of orange pumpkins.	the boy is standing in an apple orchard	0
A small boy raising his hand and standing among a lot of orange pumpkins.	The boy is small and standing	1
A guy enjoying the day, having a barbecue.	A guy is getting ready to serve a salad.	0
A guy enjoying the day, having a barbecue.	A guy is cooking barbecued meat.	1
A jockey with a red sports coat riding a horse jumping over an obstacle	A person is sitting on a horse	1
A jockey with a red sports coat riding a horse jumping over an obstacle	The horse is asleep	0
Two cars are on a racetrack.	Two cars on highway wrecked.	0
Two cars are on a racetrack.	Two cars outside.	1
A girl in white dances.	A girl sings to the crowd.	0
A girl in white dances.	A person dances.	1
A guy wearing a red coat, white jodhpurs and black boots jumps his gray horse over poles during a steeplechase competition.	man on horse	1
A guy wearing a red coat, white jodhpurs and black boots jumps his gray horse over poles during a steeplechase competition.	woman golfs	0
A man with a Mohawk stands in a group of people.	A man joins a group of people	1
A man with a Mohawk stands in a group of people.	A woman with a Mohawk stands alone.	0
A man with a Mohawk walking on campus.	A kid is walking around the ice cream shop.	0
A man with a Mohawk walking on campus.	A kid is dressed like a punk rocker.	1
A young girl in a white dance outfit and black shoes is dancing in front of music equipment	A girl in a white outfit is dancing.	1
A young girl in a white dance outfit and black shoes is dancing in front of music equipment	A girl in a black outfit is sleeping.	0
A man with a Mohawk hairstyle wears a backpack at a college campus.	A man rubs his bald head.	0
A man with a Mohawk hairstyle wears a backpack at a college campus.	A man is on the college campus.	1
A woman with glasses staring into the camera at me.	A lady in glasses is staring into the camera at me.	1
A woman with glasses staring into the camera at me.	A man is looking into the camera at me.	0
A woman wearing glasses holds a camera to her face.	The woman is wearing glasses.	1
A woman wearing glasses holds a camera to her face.	The woman is holding a cat to her face.	0
A woman in a green sweater and striped shirt leans out of a window and holds a camera in front of her face, directing it at the photographer.	A woman in green sweater and striped shirt is holding a mask to her face while leaning out a window	0
A woman in a green sweater and striped shirt leans out of a window and holds a camera in front of her face, directing it at the photographer.	A woman wearing a green sweater and striped shirt is holding a camera to her face while leaning out a window	1
Woman wearing green jacket taking a picture with a camera.	A woman in a green jacket takes photos.	1
Woman wearing green jacket taking a picture with a camera.	A woman in red records some video.	0
A woman is taking a picture.	Someone is capturing a photo.	1
A woman is taking a picture.	A woman plays a game on her phone.	0
Wrestlers grapple on the floor.	Wrestlers decide to eat instead.	0
A woman in a white shirt, with white shorts and white high heeled shoes walks past a man in a black shirt and a black and white graffiti wall painting.	The woman locks the door to the restroom before going about her business.	0
A woman in a white shirt, with white shorts and white high heeled shoes walks past a man in a black shirt and a black and white graffiti wall painting.	A woman is passing a man.	1
guy wearing a cap watching through glass window	Three young boys are involved in a car accident.	0
guy wearing a cap watching through glass window	A guy wearing a cap is looking out through the glass window.	1
A group of people in black dresses and robes singing.	People are singing.	1
A group of people in black dresses and robes singing.	A lawyer is pleading his case in front of a judge.	0
A choir sings at a concert hall.	Two girls sleeping on the floor.	0
A choir sings at a concert hall.	A choir using their mouths to product sound.	1
A group of people are seen in a church singing under a yellow ceiling.	The people are indoors.	1
A group of people are seen in a church singing under a yellow ceiling.	The people are playing a game of volleyball.	0
A choir dressed in all black is performing for an audience.	the choir is singing	1
A choir dressed in all black is performing for an audience.	the athletes are practicing	0
A young boy plays on a swing.	A girl is on a swing.	0
A young boy plays on a swing.	A boy is on a swing.	1
a boy laying on his stomach, on a swing	The boy is sitting upright on a swing.	0
a boy laying on his stomach, on a swing	The boy is on a swing	1
A child in sunglasses lays on his belly on a red swing set.	The child is on a slide.	0
A child in sunglasses lays on his belly on a red swing set.	The child is on a swing.	1
A boy laying on a sitting swing, face down, wearing a hat backwards.	A kid is lying on a swing	1
A boy laying on a sitting swing, face down, wearing a hat backwards.	The boy isn't wearing a hat	0
a tennis player wearing a yellow, white and blue shirt carrying a racquet	An athlete is wearing a shirt.	1
a tennis player wearing a yellow, white and blue shirt carrying a racquet	A teenager is in a swimming pool.	0
A male athlete is wearing a teal sweatband and a shirt from Nike and is holding a tennis racket.	The man is bowling.	0
A male athlete is wearing a teal sweatband and a shirt from Nike and is holding a tennis racket.	A man is holding a tennis racket.	1
A tennis player is carrying a tennis racket.	A person is carrying a tennis racket.	1
A tennis player is carrying a tennis racket.	The person is playinhg volleyball.	0
The tennis player is wearing a yellow and blue shirt and a blue headband.	A person is playing Tennis at Wimbledon.	0
The tennis player is wearing a yellow and blue shirt and a blue headband.	A person has a multi-colored outfit on.	1
A man plays tennis.	The woman plays tennis.	0
A man plays tennis.	The man plays tennis.	1
A woman in a blue and white striped shirt holding a green comb.	A woman is holding a comb.	1
A woman in a blue and white striped shirt holding a green comb.	A woman is holding a sheep.	0
Older woman holding a light green comb over a weave.	young  woman holding a light green comb over a weave.	0
Older woman holding a light green comb over a weave.	women are holding a comb	1
Local African boy doing his daily work guiding the animals that are pulling a cart.	A girl is walking alone and pushing a bicycle with a flat tire.	0
Local African boy doing his daily work guiding the animals that are pulling a cart.	A boy is guiding animals pulling a cart.	1
A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A young boy is outside.	1
A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A woman and her son driving down a dusty road.	1
A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A girl is driving a car.	0
A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	The boy is in a wagon going down a dusty road.	1
A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	The boy is sitting with his brothers.	0
A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A young boy and some cattle are on a dirt road.	1
A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A boy rides down the highway in a car.	0
A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A young boy and mother in the same wagon heading down a dusty dirt road.	0
A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	The boy has no mother.	0
A young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother's wagon down a dusty dirt road.	A child is following his mom.	1
an African boy drives his team of oxen down a dirt road.	An African boy prepares tacos.	0
an African boy drives his team of oxen down a dirt road.	A boy is driving animals outside down a dirt road.	1
A young black boy is guiding his animals down a dirt road with a blue rope.	Young girl guiding animals down a dirt road with a rope.	0
A young black boy is guiding his animals down a dirt road with a blue rope.	Young boy guiding animals down a dirt road with a rope.	1
A baseball player hitting the ball	A baseball player is hitting a ball.	1
A baseball player hitting the ball	A baseball player is resting.	0
A group of people demonstrating.	A group of people are sleeping.	0
A group of people demonstrating.	Several people are doing something together.	1
A man and two children are sleeping on the floor.	Some people are asleep.	1
A man and two children are sleeping on the floor.	Some people are sleeping in beds.	0
A boy in a red poncho is reading while leaning on a pole.	A girl in a red poncho is reading while leaning on a pole.	0
A boy in a red poncho is reading while leaning on a pole.	A boy in a red poncho is reading a book.	1
A child is standing alone hear a pillar reading a book while pointing at the page.	A child is standing with his family.	0
A child is standing alone hear a pillar reading a book while pointing at the page.	A child is listening to someone reading.	1
An Asian man lies on a tiled floor with two children, using old clothes for pillows.	A man lies on the floor	1
An Asian man lies on a tiled floor with two children, using old clothes for pillows.	The man uses clothes for pillos	0
A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are preparing dinner for themselves.	0
A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A man and children are asleep in a tiled room.	1
A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	There's a woman sleeping on the bed with her kids.	0
A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A man and two children sleep outside	0
A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	Three people are sleeping indoors on a floor.	1
A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A man and two children are asleep on the floor	1
A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A man and two children are playing frisbee in the park.	0
A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	A man and two children aren't sleeping on the couch.	1
A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	Two children are sleeping.	1
A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.	Two children are playing xbox	0
A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	The floor is tiled.	1
A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	The man and the two small children are standing on the tiled floor.	0
A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	a man rides his bike down a mountain	0
A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	a guy and two kids play inside	1
A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	The man and two small children are laying down.	1
A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	a man and two children lay on the floor	1
A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	People are tired.	1
A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	a day plays with his kids in the sand	0
A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	People are at an amusment park.	0
A man and two small children laying on a tiled floor.	A man is beating his wife.	0
A group of people marching in a parade waving flags.	the group of people are holding something in their hands.  They are outside	1
A group of people marching in a parade waving flags.	the people are inside watching a movie	0
A cop is walking a crime dog to find something while paramedics discuss by their van.	A policeman and his canine are searching for something while paramedics talk by their van.	1
A cop is walking a crime dog to find something while paramedics discuss by their van.	The paramedics treated the victims of the fire while the cop and his dog rested in their squad car.	0
Man in a blue shirt fires a gun at a target.	a man fires a bow at a target	0
Man in a blue shirt fires a gun at a target.	a man with a gun	1
A good slide into home at a Philly game	A slide is happening.	1
A good slide into home at a Philly game	A man is playing in the World Series.	0
a woman painting her toenails red on the couch	A woman gently applies red nailpolish to her toenails.	1
a woman painting her toenails red on the couch	The woman is wearing a pair of wool socks on both feet.	0
A baby camel going towards a woman, while a man takes a picture.	The woman is inside.	0
A baby camel going towards a woman, while a man takes a picture.	The baby camel is outside.	1
A family and a man in military clothing look at a cake.	The cake has already been eaten.	0
A family and a man in military clothing look at a cake.	There is a cake.	1
A soldier is helping two young children cut a large cake.	The soldier is riding a bus.	0
A soldier is helping two young children cut a large cake.	The soldier is helping the kids.	1
Blond woman wearing red boots with a bland and white jacket walking down the street.	A woman is wearing green boots.	0
Blond woman wearing red boots with a bland and white jacket walking down the street.	A person walks down a street.	1
a man standing outside of a restaurant.	A man stands outside of a sports shop.	0
a man standing outside of a restaurant.	A man stands outside a restaurant.	1
An older, bald man is standing on the street holding a package.	There is someone driving a cab.	0
An older, bald man is standing on the street holding a package.	There is someone outside.	1
Three people, two playing drums and one playing a horn instrument.	The people are playing music.	1
Three people, two playing drums and one playing a horn instrument.	The people are at the library reading.	0
A man with army fatigues is walking his dog.	The man is carrying the dog.	0
A man with army fatigues is walking his dog.	A dog is being walked by an army gentleman.	1
An old man with white hair in a red hat	A man with white hair poking from under a red hat	1
An old man with white hair in a red hat	An old woman at a stove.	0
A man in a plaid shirt and blue jeans stands on scaffolding.	A man in a plain white shirt are shorts is under a scaffolding.	0
A man in a plaid shirt and blue jeans stands on scaffolding.	A man with a plaid shirt and jeans is on a scaffolding.	1
Two men with colorful hats are playing the drums while another man plays a wind instrument.	At least three people are playing instruments.	1
Two men with colorful hats are playing the drums while another man plays a wind instrument.	Three men are playing a game of basketball.	0
The man stands on the scaffolding as he looks outward.	The man is waiting for a giant gorilla	0
The man stands on the scaffolding as he looks outward.	there is a man outside in this picture	1
Two males are playing soccer while fans watch.	One of the men is kicking a golf ball.	0
Two males are playing soccer while fans watch.	The playing surface relatively smooth.	1
adults performing on a inside stage.	Children performing on a inside stage.	0
adults performing on a inside stage.	Adults on a stage.	1
A singing group dressed in black is singing a song on stage.	A group dressed in black are singing.	1
A singing group dressed in black is singing a song on stage.	The lady showed off her dancing skills.	0
Two soccer players chase after the ball; one tries to maintain control whilst the others seeks to take it.	The players play baseball.	0
Two soccer players chase after the ball; one tries to maintain control whilst the others seeks to take it.	There are soccer players.	1
An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	A soccer game in mid-play.	1
An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	Two teams are playing a soccer game.	1
An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	A group of people in sweatsuits are running a marathon down a narrow city street.	0
An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	A cat walks on a fence.	0
An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	A basketball game is being played	0
An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	A soccer game is being played	1
An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	People are playing soccer.	1
An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	The men are throwing a football to each other.	0
An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	two men play soccer	1
An very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.	two men playing fifa on xbox on the couch	0
Two soccer players, one in black and one in red, with the one in black attempting to steal the ball.	The kids are playing basketball.	0
Two soccer players, one in black and one in red, with the one in black attempting to steal the ball.	Two people are playing soccer.	1
A soccer player in a red shirt kicks the ball while another player in a black shirt tries to stop him.	The two people are playing horseshoes.	0
A soccer player in a red shirt kicks the ball while another player in a black shirt tries to stop him.	Two people are playing soccer.	1
Fisherman on boat out on sea.	A fisherman is on the pier fishing.	0
Fisherman on boat out on sea.	A fisherman is on a boat.	1
Two fisherman on a boat on the water preparing for a long day of fishing.	Two men in a boat.	1
Two fisherman on a boat on the water preparing for a long day of fishing.	A car sits at a dock.	0
A man in a yellow waterproof jacket and his companion are on a boat in the open water.	Two men are fist fighting.	0
A man in a yellow waterproof jacket and his companion are on a boat in the open water.	Two men are outdoors.	1
Two men, one in a yellow jacket and the other in a blue sweater, are on a boat.	men outside	1
Two men, one in a yellow jacket and the other in a blue sweater, are on a boat.	a man and his wife making a movie	0
Two dark-haired men are sailing a fishing boat.	Two men with dark hair are sailing outside.	1
Two dark-haired men are sailing a fishing boat.	Two girls are playing house in their backyard.	0
An Indian woman holds a child while looking at a large group of birds on the ground.	an indian woman is kidnapping a baby	0
An Indian woman holds a child while looking at a large group of birds on the ground.	an indian woman holds a child	1
A view of a nice building and sky with a guy standing on the roof.	This person is jumping off the building right now.	0
A view of a nice building and sky with a guy standing on the roof.	A guy is standing on the roof of a building.	1
An orange vehicle parked on a bridge.	The orange car is on a bridge.	1
An orange vehicle parked on a bridge.	A blue car is broke down.	0
A small jockey jogs along side of the horse track with his horse through the green grass, as a photo is taken next to the Sparkasse sign in a 2012 horse event.	the jockey is asleep	0
A small jockey jogs along side of the horse track with his horse through the green grass, as a photo is taken next to the Sparkasse sign in a 2012 horse event.	a jockey is jogging	1
A woman and three children, holding hands with each other, are crossing the street.	A woman and three children are outdoors.	1
A woman and three children, holding hands with each other, are crossing the street.	The woman and three children cross the street individually.	0
A girl stands behind a boy in a swing.	the girl is writing an exam in class	0
A girl stands behind a boy in a swing.	a girl is standing	1
Many shoppers are walking around in a mall.	The mall is no longer opened.	0
Many shoppers are walking around in a mall.	The shoppers are strolling the mall.	1
A group of men gather and play instruments.	A group of women are playing Halo.	0
A group of men gather and play instruments.	A group of people are playing instruments.	1
The small girl in the red shirt pushes the little boy on the baby swing.	A mom is comforting a small child that fell off a wall.	0
The small girl in the red shirt pushes the little boy on the baby swing.	The little boy in the baby swing is being pushed by a little girl in a red shirt.	1
A little girl is pushing a little boy who is sitting on a swing.	Children are playing on the swings	1
A little girl is pushing a little boy who is sitting on a swing.	The children are laying there silently	0
A girl pushes a boy on a swing on a sandy playground.	Three girls are in a car.	0
A girl pushes a boy on a swing on a sandy playground.	Two people are outside.	1
a little girl pushes a little boy on the swing.	The girl pushes the boy.	1
a little girl pushes a little boy on the swing.	The older men play on the playground.	0
A guy is shooting his rifle at a shooting range.	The man is sitting down at a desk.	0
A guy is shooting his rifle at a shooting range.	A man is firing a gun.	1
Man looking down the scope of a rifle preparing to shoot.	A man with a gun over his shoulder.	0
Man looking down the scope of a rifle preparing to shoot.	A man is preparing to shoot a gun.	1
A guy wearing earmuffs and shooters glasses sites his rifle's scope on a target.	the man is wearing earmuffs.	1
A guy wearing earmuffs and shooters glasses sites his rifle's scope on a target.	the man is a baker.	0
Man, wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt, stares intensely into the scope of a rifle.	The man is holding a gun.	1
Man, wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt, stares intensely into the scope of a rifle.	The man is shooting with a bow.	0
Man in blue shirt shooting a rifle.	A man in a camo shirt is getting ready to go home.	0
Man in blue shirt shooting a rifle.	The man is firing a gun.	1
A guy surfing in the ocean.	A man is swimming in the lake.	0
A guy surfing in the ocean.	A man is in the water.	1
Little girl in her bridesmaid dress sitting down with the bouquet.	The girl is getting married.	0
Little girl in her bridesmaid dress sitting down with the bouquet.	The girl is at a wedding.	1
A dancer, with both arms and both legs spread, leaps into the air.	dancer leaps	1
A dancer, with both arms and both legs spread, leaps into the air.	boy eats gummy worms	0
Two men wearing hats stand behind a table with flowers on it.	There are two men wearing hats.	1
Two men wearing hats stand behind a table with flowers on it.	The men are not wearing hats.	0
A little girl in a white dress sits in an open doorway holding a bouquet of flowers.	the boy is standing at a basketball court	0
A little girl in a white dress sits in an open doorway holding a bouquet of flowers.	The girl has flowers	1
This brown pitbull is carrying a soccer ball in his mouth.	The pitbull has something in his mouth.	1
This brown pitbull is carrying a soccer ball in his mouth.	The pitbull has a muzzle on.	0
Many kids are sitting and taking notes.	people standing and writing.	0
Many kids are sitting and taking notes.	people sitting	1
Girl in the middle of a tennis match.	Nancy was in the middle of a tennis game.	1
Girl in the middle of a tennis match.	Bob was taking score.	0
The pitbull returns the chewed up soccer ball in the snow.	The poodle returns the football in the rain.	0
The pitbull returns the chewed up soccer ball in the snow.	The pitbull is outdoors.	1
there are three cars at a four-way cross.	All of the cars have flat tires.	0
there are three cars at a four-way cross.	Some of the cars are stopped.	1
A dog is playing with a football in the snow.	A dog is lazing in the sun	0
A dog is playing with a football in the snow.	an animal is ouside in winter	1
A female tennis player in a white shirt and black tennis skirt getting ready to swing.	The tennis player is watching TV.	0
A female tennis player in a white shirt and black tennis skirt getting ready to swing.	The tennis player is at a tennis game.	1
A woman with a tennis racket about to swing at a ball.	The woman is playing basketball	0
A woman with a tennis racket about to swing at a ball.	The woman is playing a sport	1
A man is beginning to stand up on his surfboard in front of a small wave	a man stands on a surfboard on the beach	0
A man is beginning to stand up on his surfboard in front of a small wave	a man surfing	1
a white dog running down a path with a long stick in his mouth	The white dog has something in it's mouth.	1
a white dog running down a path with a long stick in his mouth	The dog is taking holding a fish in it's mouth.	0
A skateboarder with dreadlocks does a trick on a bike rack.	a skateboarder is doing tricks	1
A skateboarder with dreadlocks does a trick on a bike rack.	a skateboarder is home eating dinner	0
A shirtless man is doing a skateboard trick over a bike rail.	A fully clothed man is rollerblading.	0
A shirtless man is doing a skateboard trick over a bike rail.	The man is on a skateboard.	1
a dog runs with a large stick in its mouth.	A dog is sitting on a couch.	0
A dog jumps forward carrying a large stick.	A dog is sleeping in a doghouse.	0
A dog jumps forward carrying a large stick.	A dog is moving with an object.	1
A male skateboarder performs a stunt over a bicycle rake.	The skateboarder does stunts.	1
A male skateboarder performs a stunt over a bicycle rake.	The male skateboarder performs a stunt on a ramp.	0
A child in a red shirt pushes a boy in a wagon.	Two children are playing	1
A child in a red shirt pushes a boy in a wagon.	A girl is the only one in a wagon being pushed	0
Two policemen are standing on the corner of a street.	Two law enforcers are posted on the corner of a street.	1
Two policemen are standing on the corner of a street.	Two law enforcers are playing ping pong.	0
Three men are hauling pink bags onto a boat, a fourth man sits on some wood on the river staring into the distance.	Three women are relaxing on a cruise ship.	0
Three men are hauling pink bags onto a boat, a fourth man sits on some wood on the river staring into the distance.	Three men are hauling things onto a boat while another man stares into the distance.	1
A bull rider is trying to stay on a bull at a rodeo.	A rider is sleeping	0
A bull rider is trying to stay on a bull at a rodeo.	A rider is staying on the bull	1
A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	A girl and boy are walking close while on the street.	1
A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	Two kids are riding mopeds.	0
A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	The girl is alone in the kitchen.	0
A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	A girl and a man are on a tandem bike.	0
A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	Someone is holding a bike near a girl walking somewhere in Asia.	1
A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	Two children play in the park.	0
A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	Trains race after one another in the middle of the desert.	0
A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	Two people walk outside with a bike.	1
A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	A girl and boy walk down the street.	1
A girl walking near a guy holding onto a bike pointing up at a building while on the street in some Asian country	The girl is outside.	1
A young woman dances in her ethnic attire.	A baseball player dances after a home run.	0
A young woman dances in her ethnic attire.	A woman in ethnic dress dances.	1
A woman in what appears to be traditional garments is performing a dance.	The woman is singing a song into a microphone.	0
A woman in what appears to be traditional garments is performing a dance.	The woman is dancing.	1
Woman in yellow costume smiling.	Woman in costume is happy.	1
Woman in yellow costume smiling.	Woman plays soccer	0
Two girls wrapped in a blanket.	blanket is on fire	0
Two girls wrapped in a blanket.	girls wrapped up	1
A woman in jeans and a woman in white pants use a telescope.	The women are looking through a microscope.	0
A woman in jeans and a woman in white pants use a telescope.	The women are using a telescope.	1
A woman standing in a costume.	Someone is standing up and wearing a costume.	1
A woman standing in a costume.	A woman is sitting down on a couch.	0
A child in a blue jacket and black cap sits amongst flowers and candles.	The child is wearing a red cap.	0
A child in a blue jacket and black cap sits amongst flowers and candles.	The child is not standing.	1
A woman in tight white skinny jeans looks through a camera over a road, while another woman in skinny jeans watches on.	Two women are wearing skinny jeans.	1
A woman in tight white skinny jeans looks through a camera over a road, while another woman in skinny jeans watches on.	The women are both wearing baggy jeans.	0
An infant in a blue shirt walking with the dog following behind.	A baby is walking with a dog behind him.	1
An infant in a blue shirt walking with the dog following behind.	A baby is sitting in the road.	0
A woman leads a toddler and dog on an uphill climb through a meadow.	The lady is leading the boy uphill.	1
A woman leads a toddler and dog on an uphill climb through a meadow.	The lady has ice in her veins.	0
A woman, a boy, and a dog are walking up a hill.	There are two people walking a dog up a hill.	1
A woman, a boy, and a dog are walking up a hill.	There is one person running on a flat road.	0
A woman and the kid are walking along with the dog.	The people are running.	0
A woman and the kid are walking along with the dog.	The people are walking.	1
Two people walking up a hill with a dog.	Dog is showing people where the car is	0
Two people walking up a hill with a dog.	Two people outside	1
A jockey riding a race horse in a grass field.	A man plays with his dog outside.	0
A jockey riding a race horse in a grass field.	The man is riding a horse.	1
Dog running through the weeds.	A dog is running.	1
Dog running through the weeds.	A dog is sitting on dirt.	0
A boy in a yellow shirt runs in a race.	A boy is watching people run.	0
A boy in a yellow shirt runs in a race.	A boy is running a race.	1
Participant 3442, a child in a yellow shirt, runs in a race.	The childs shirt is yellow	1
Participant 3442, a child in a yellow shirt, runs in a race.	The childs shirt is green	0
a boy in a yellow shirt is running in a race	A boy is in a competition.	1
a boy in a yellow shirt is running in a race	A boy is walking up the sidewalk to a house.	0
a brown and black dog jumping through a field of long blades of grass	a dog is jumping	1
a brown and black dog jumping through a field of long blades of grass	the dog is asleep	0
Black and brown dog with red harness in high grass.	A dog in a field of high grass.	1
Black and brown dog with red harness in high grass.	A dog in a field of wheat.	0
Black and brown dog with red harness in high grass.	A dog on a manicured lawn.	0
A dog wearing a red harness runs across a field	The dog is outside.	1
A dog wearing a red harness runs across a field	The dog had a blue harness.	0
A dog runs through the tall grass.	A dog runs in the grass.	1
A dog runs through the tall grass.	A dog is put down.	0
A man practices karate moves in silhouette with a backdrop of a colorful beach sunset.	A man is at a beach practicing karate.	1
A man practices karate moves in silhouette with a backdrop of a colorful beach sunset.	Some people are playing volleyball at a beach.	0
There's a silhouette of a man at the beach kicking his leg in the air, while the sun is setting before him.	A man is on a plane	0
There's a silhouette of a man at the beach kicking his leg in the air, while the sun is setting before him.	A man is on the beach	1
A man is standing on the shore is holding up one leg while the sun is setting.	A man throws a football to a woman.	0
A man is standing on the shore is holding up one leg while the sun is setting.	There is a man outside.	1
A man stands on one leg while lifting the other leg high, on a beach, at sunset.	A man on a beach.	1
A man stands on one leg while lifting the other leg high, on a beach, at sunset.	A man sleeps at noon.	0
A muscular man is exercising on the beach in the beautiful sunset.	A man is sunbathing at the beach.	0
A muscular man is exercising on the beach in the beautiful sunset.	A man is exercising at the beach.	1
A man walking with a shopping cart wearing a t-shirt that reads "long live the dead".	The man is walking.	1
A man walking with a shopping cart wearing a t-shirt that reads "long live the dead".	The man is napping.	0
A guy in a' Long Live The Dead' t-shirt pushing a shopping cart next to a yellow taxi.	There is a man in a t-shirt pushing a shopping cart next to a taxi.	1
A guy in a' Long Live The Dead' t-shirt pushing a shopping cart next to a yellow taxi.	The man with no shirt on pushes a taxi with a shopping cart in the trunk.	0
Men in safety colors and hard hats in a construction area.	Men resting at a truck stop.	0
Men in safety colors and hard hats in a construction area.	Men in a construction area.	1
Construction workers working.	Workers are taking a break.	0
Construction workers working.	Workers are working.	1
Workers are at work under scaffolding.	Working are taking break	0
A group of construction workers are working.	Guys wearing helmets.	1
A group of construction workers are working.	Some men sleeping inside.	0
Workers are setting-up to work in the London tubes.	the workers are swimmign	0
Workers are setting-up to work in the London tubes.	The workers are working in london.	1
These are construction workers with orange safety vests working on in a British Underground.	Construction workers in yellow vests are working on the Metro North.	0
These are construction workers with orange safety vests working on in a British Underground.	The British Underground is being worked on by construction workers.	1
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on the ocean.	A mann surfing	1
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on the ocean.	A man building a fire	0
Two men are standing on a corner with empty rickshaws while people on bicycles ride by in the background.	Men are standing on a corner with wheelbarrows full of fruit.	0
Two men are standing on a corner with empty rickshaws while people on bicycles ride by in the background.	Men are on the corner with their rickshaws.	1
Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two young men dressed in summer clothes stands in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws.	1
Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two young men are wearing shorts.	1
Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two men are riding rickshaws without any clothes on.	0
Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	two men on a hot air balloon	0
Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two men ride bikes fast down the street.	0
Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two men stand in front of a pair of rickshaws.	1
Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two men stand in summer clothes.	1
Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	two men stand together	1
Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	two young men dressed in winter clothes work by pulling rickshaws for others.	0
Two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.	Two young men are wearing long blue jeans	0
Two men with shorts on are standing on the curbs with their carts.	Two men are grocery shopping in the store.	0
Two men with shorts on are standing on the curbs with their carts.	Two men are standing outside.	1
Two rickshaw operators waiting for a fare with traffic in the background.	Two rickshaw operators wait for a fair.	1
Two rickshaw operators waiting for a fare with traffic in the background.	Two rickshaw operators are taking a break.	0
A woman is putting her dark clothes in the dryer.	A woman is putting clothes in the laundry.	1
A woman is putting her dark clothes in the dryer.	A woman is taking clothes to the laundromat.	0
That lady is pointing at her clothes in the dryer.	the woman backflips in the air	0
That lady is pointing at her clothes in the dryer.	the woman points at her clothes in the dryer	1
a woman in black is pulling black clothes out of the dryer.	A lady retrieving clothes from the dryer.	1
a woman in black is pulling black clothes out of the dryer.	Two guys lift a refrigerator up the steps.	0
A woman removing clothes from a dryer.	A person is doing laundry.	1
A woman removing clothes from a dryer.	A woman is loading the dishwasher.	0
A shirtless soldier is shaving his face out in the street while his dog drinks some water.	A man and a dog are shaving and drinking, respectively.	1
A shirtless soldier is shaving his face out in the street while his dog drinks some water.	The man is drinking some water.	0
A man is standing in what appears to be a parking lot and shaving his face, while his dog looks at the ground near his feet.	A man is in a parking lot	1
A man is standing in what appears to be a parking lot and shaving his face, while his dog looks at the ground near his feet.	A women is walking with a man	0
A girl with a red and white swimming cap and goggles who is swimming in a pool.	A girl is in water.	1
A girl with a red and white swimming cap and goggles who is swimming in a pool.	The girl shooting a basketball into a hoop.	0
A man and a woman are sitting on a bench outside a wooden building.	lone man jumps	0
A man and a woman are sitting on a bench outside a wooden building.	man and woman on bench	1
A woman works a project with thread in hand.	A woman works on a project with a thread in hand.	1
A woman works a project with thread in hand.	A dog plays in the mud.	0
A child runs along the shore, while birds fly overhead.	Children run along the path through the forest.	0
A child runs along the shore, while birds fly overhead.	Birds are flying over the child near the water.	1
A brown-haired child in green shoes swings on a swing in a park near the woods.	The brown haired child is on the monkey bars.	0
A brown-haired child in green shoes swings on a swing in a park near the woods.	The child in the green shoes is outside.	1
A young woman is holding a camera in a crowd of people.	woman dancing outside	0
A young woman is holding a camera in a crowd of people.	woman with camera among crowd	1
A woman in blue shirt is holding a camera and being surrounded with bunch of people.	A woman in green shirt is holding a camera and being surrounded with bunch of people.	0
A woman in blue shirt is holding a camera and being surrounded with bunch of people.	A woman is holding  a camera.	1
A lady wearing glasses and a blue shirt with a shoulder bag is about to take a picture with her camera.	The lady wearing glasses has her camera stored away in her bag.\	0
A lady wearing glasses and a blue shirt with a shoulder bag is about to take a picture with her camera.	The lady wearing glasses is holding a prepared camera.	1
A woman wearing a baby sling with a peach- colored blanket looks to the side as she holds up her camera.	A woman is holding up a camera.	1
A woman wearing a baby sling with a peach- colored blanket looks to the side as she holds up her camera.	A man wearing a baby sling with a peach- colored blanket looks to the side as he holds up his camera.	0
several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	There are some workers at a construction site.	1
several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	The building is completely built.	0
several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	Several workers sit in a partially constructed building.	0
several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	Two hats catch on fire, and burn with a mysterious blue flame.	0
several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	The workers are at a skateboarding event.	0
several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	People are near a street.	1
several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	The workers are near a building that has not been completed.	1
several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	Several workers stand in a building.	1
several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	Construction workers stand in an unfinished building.	1
several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign	People are riding camels in a vast desert.	0
A woman in a blue shirt holds a camera.	A woman in a red dress poses as someone else takes a picture	0
A woman in a blue shirt holds a camera.	A woman prepares to take a picture	1
The dog is playing in the water.	The dog is napping on his master's down covered master bed.	0
The dog is playing in the water.	The dog is outside in the pool.	1
a black dog runs through the water.	A spaceship is hovering over the White House.	0
a black dog runs through the water.	A dog is in the water.	1
A black dog runs into the water at the beach.	the wind is howling	0
A black dog runs into the water at the beach.	the dog is outside	1
A black dog running in shallow water on a beach.	A black dog is asleep on the floor.	0
A black dog running in shallow water on a beach.	A black dog is running on the beach.	1
A woman stares at something lighted that three people are holding in front of her.	A woman is staring.	1
A woman stares at something lighted that three people are holding in front of her.	A man is bending over.	0
A woman is having her cigarette lit by a man out of the frame.	The woman is lighting her own cigarette.	0
A woman is having her cigarette lit by a man out of the frame.	The man is holding a lighter.	1
three men lighting a woman in a green shirt's cigarette.	There are people throwing cigarettes	0
three men lighting a woman in a green shirt's cigarette.	There are people with cigarettes	1
A dog running in the surf.	Dog running in the surf	1
A dog running in the surf.	Dog eating pedigree	0
Group of young people playing the drums while a crowd watches.	A crowd watches a group play drums.	1
Group of young people playing the drums while a crowd watches.	A group of monkeys play the drums.	0
A band is playing music with rowdy and crude fans.	A band rehearses in an empty auditorium.	0
A band is playing music with rowdy and crude fans.	Musicians performing for an unruly crowd.	1
Two young men talk together on an outdoor sidewalk on a dark night.	The pair squint in the bright sun.	0
Two young men talk together on an outdoor sidewalk on a dark night.	Two people are outside at night.	1
A man gives the camera the finger as a band plays a house party.	A guy makes a gesture at the camera at a get together.	1
A man gives the camera the finger as a band plays a house party.	Two women sit outside drinking tea.	0
Men dancing and flipping of the camera listening to music.	A girl running through a grocery store.	0
Men dancing and flipping of the camera listening to music.	Men dance.	1
A man in a striped shirt is dancing in front of a band.	A man is playing drums.	0
A man in a striped shirt is dancing in front of a band.	A man is dancing with a band.	1
A rock band playing for a small audience in a house.	A band is playing music	1
A rock band playing for a small audience in a house.	The band's instruments don't work	0
A woman walking down a crowded street	The woman is picking up her baby from daycare.	0
A woman walking down a crowded street	She is outside.	1
Many people wearing numbers, hats and jackets are running in a race.	The people are waiting to get into a football stadium.	0
Many people wearing numbers, hats and jackets are running in a race.	Lots pf people are wearing numbers and clothes seem to be in a race.	1
A little boy chasing a ball through his poor city.	A little boy jumps rope and swims in a pool in his rich city.	0
A little boy chasing a ball through his poor city.	A little boy plays with a ball in his poor city.	1
A man is standing in the road, smiling.	A man smiles on the road.	1
A man is standing in the road, smiling.	A man is sad when he goes to bed.	0
Man kicking football off tee in t-shirt and shorts	A person's foot contacting a football	1
Man kicking football off tee in t-shirt and shorts	Man in T-shirt and shorts mowing his lawn	0
A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	A man is checking his ATM account.	0
A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	A man is putting on a show.	1
A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	The man catches a juggling pin.	0
A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	The man is doing palm reading for a crowd.	0
A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	A group is viewing a street performance.	1
A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	A man in a tuxedo performs for a crowd.	1
A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	A man dressed in a black and white outfit is juggling.	1
A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	A man swings a baseball bat in the park.	0
A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	The people are throwing things at the man who is singing.	0
A man in a black and white suit is juggling rings in the street while spectators are cheering him on.	A man juggles rings for spectators.	1
Ethnic woman from behind with blue flower shirt and red fabric in her braided hair.	The woman is firing a bazooka at an army of cybernetic gorillas.	0
A young man rides a wakeboard.	A man rides on the waves.	1
A young man rides a wakeboard.	A man laying on the beach.	0
Ann older man with a gray beard is cooking in the kitchen.	Older man with beard is cooking.	1
Ann older man with a gray beard is cooking in the kitchen.	Older woman with beard is cooking.	0
A man in an apron smiling as he fries food.	A woman is baking cookies.	0
A man in an apron smiling as he fries food.	A man fries some food.	1
An army man uses his binoculars to see into the distance.	There is a man looking in the mirror	0
An army man uses his binoculars to see into the distance.	There is a man looking into the far	1
A child stand with an elderly women at the 96th Street subway station.	The child is alone.	0
A child stand with an elderly women at the 96th Street subway station.	There is a subway station on 96th Street.	1
A grandma holds her grandson's hand at a train stop.	Grandfather holding grandson's hand.	0
A grandma holds her grandson's hand at a train stop.	Grandma and grandson waiting for train.	1
An old lady in a big black coat holds the hand of a young boy in a blue jacket in the subway.	A child has at least one of his hands occupied.	1
An old lady in a big black coat holds the hand of a young boy in a blue jacket in the subway.	A old lady looks through her cabinets for her favorite mug.	0
A man smiles at the camera as he fries his food in a large cast-iron pan.	The man is sleeping.	0
A man smiles at the camera as he fries his food in a large cast-iron pan.	The man is cooking food.	1
A lady and a boy are holding hands.	The people are touching.	1
A lady and a boy are holding hands.	The people are on opposite sides of a 4-lane highway.	0
A child sits on a sidewalk as people walk by.	The child is outside.	1
A child sits on a sidewalk as people walk by.	The child is on the couch.	0
A little boy in Hawaiian shorts plays in a sprinkler.	A little boy is playing with blocks in the living room.	0
A little boy in Hawaiian shorts plays in a sprinkler.	A little boy is playing outside.	1
A singer standing in green light.	A singer stands inside a green light.	1
A singer standing in green light.	A guitar player sits on a stool and plays.	0
A lady in khaki pants and a peach shirt walking over a bridge with her had on her head and a young boy sitting in front of her next to a bamboo.	A man is walking over a bridge.	0
A lady in khaki pants and a peach shirt walking over a bridge with her had on her head and a young boy sitting in front of her next to a bamboo.	A woman is walking over bridge.	1
A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	Goats fleeing from a bridge after realizing a troll was beneath it.	0
A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	The boy is alone in his house.	0
A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	A person with a hat	1
A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	A teenage boy jogs through a park alone.	0
A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	A man wearing a mask is waiting for his friends.	0
A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	The boy is outdoors.	1
A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	People passing by a young man.	1
A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	Nobody has a hat	0
A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	A teenage boy sits outside and people are walking by.	1
A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.	There is a boy wearing a hat.	1
A boy with a red hat is sitting and selling things on the street.	A boy is sitting outside	1
A boy with a red hat is sitting and selling things on the street.	The boy is wearing a blue hat and sitting inside.	0
A woman in a redhead wrap is sitting on a bridge.	The woman is at home in her pajamas.	0
A woman in a redhead wrap is sitting on a bridge.	The woman is outdoors.	1
A very young adorable baby who has a long-sleeve shirt on that says i am the boss, is crying and upset.	The young baby is smiling and laughing.	0
A very young adorable baby who has a long-sleeve shirt on that says i am the boss, is crying and upset.	The young baby is crying.	1
A young boy in a striped shirt is holding a cricket.	A boy is wearing a polka dot shirt.	0
A young boy in a striped shirt is holding a cricket.	A boy is holding an insect.	1
Two young girls are outside in dresses.	Two young girls are outside	1
Two young girls are outside in dresses.	Two young girls are not outside	0
A boy in a red, white, and blue striped shirt holding and examining a bug.	The boy is playing with a cat.	0
A boy in a red, white, and blue striped shirt holding and examining a bug.	A boy has a bug.	1
A woman in bright clothes with a folded blanket on her head.	A man in bright clothes with a folded blanket on her head.	0
A woman in bright clothes with a folded blanket on her head.	A woman in bright clothes has a blanket above her head	1
A young boy wearing a red, white and blue striped shirt is holding a spider in his right hand as he looks at.	A boy is holding and watching a spider.	1
A young boy wearing a red, white and blue striped shirt is holding a spider in his right hand as he looks at.	The boy eats the spider.	0
A baby, wearing an "I am the Boss" shirt, cries and clenches its fist.	A baby crys and clenches its fist.	1
A baby, wearing an "I am the Boss" shirt, cries and clenches its fist.	The teenager cries and clenches its fist.	0
A man in khakis and a blue shirt speaks into a microphone before a group.	The man speaks into a microphone.	1
A man in khakis and a blue shirt speaks into a microphone before a group.	The woman sang into the microphone.	0
A man in casual clothes is speaking in front of people.	there is a gentleman giving the speech	1
A man in casual clothes is speaking in front of people.	politicians lways wear casuals	0
An elderly couple sit next to each other at a coffee shop.	There is an elderly couple sitting together at the coffee shop.	1
An elderly couple sit next to each other at a coffee shop.	A young woman and her new boyfriend are drinking coffee together at the coffee shop.	0
Some people walking and others sitting by a street corner.	People on a street.	1
Some people walking and others sitting by a street corner.	A rainy street sits empty in the night.	0
A group of adults congregate on a street corner.	People gather on a corner.	1
A group of adults congregate on a street corner.	A mime goes skiing.	0
A public speaker discussing what needs to be changed.	A speaker discussing what needs to be changed in his Office.	1
A public speaker discussing what needs to be changed.	A public speaker eating lunch in a restaurant.	0
Two dogs play with one another on the lawn.	There are some dogs running in the road.	0
Two dogs play with one another on the lawn.	Two dogs are playing on the lawn.	1
A young woman plays professional tennis.	An athletic woman plays tennis.	1
A young woman plays professional tennis.	A young woman is playing beach volleyball.	0
A woman, in a black hoodie, looking at goods in a store.	The woman's breasts are covered by a hoody	1
A woman, in a black hoodie, looking at goods in a store.	She is skydiving	0
A fluffy white and brown puppy is playing with a white, curly-haired puppy.	The dogs are sleeping in the kennel.	0
A fluffy white and brown puppy is playing with a white, curly-haired puppy.	The puppies are playing together.	1
A woman strides across the corner of a tennis court with her racket in the air.	A woman strides across the corner of a racket ball court with her racket in the air.	0
A woman strides across the corner of a tennis court with her racket in the air.	A person strides across the corner of a tennis court with her racket in the air.	1
The tennis player is enjoying her game while the crowd watch her every move.	There is a tennis ball	1
The tennis player is enjoying her game while the crowd watch her every move.	A tennis player is playing baseball	0
A white dog and a white and brown puppy playing.	A mother cat plays with her kitten.	0
A white dog and a white and brown puppy playing.	A dog and a puppy play.	1
A young man with a backpack and blue sunglasses is crossing the street.	A young man crosses the street.	1
A young man with a backpack and blue sunglasses is crossing the street.	A man is sleeping.	0
A group of young men wearing helmets and armed with golf clubs form a line and prepare to defend a cause.	A group of young men not wearing helmets	0
A group of young men wearing helmets and armed with golf clubs form a line and prepare to defend a cause.	A group of young men wearing helmets	1
a toddler in a brown sweater is running along a path next to the grass.	There is a toddler outside	1
a toddler in a brown sweater is running along a path next to the grass.	The toddler is wearing a red sweater.	0
A dog plays in the snow.	There is snow outside	1
A dog plays in the snow.	A dog is playing in the desert	0
A woman holding a mic and a paper on stage with a musician.	He was playing the piano.	0
A woman holding a mic and a paper on stage with a musician.	The woman held the paper.	1
a brown and white dog is leaping through a red hoop on a training circuit.	The dog is going through a green hoop.	0
a brown and white dog is leaping through a red hoop on a training circuit.	The dog is jumping.	1
A man and woman are running in a race.	People run a race.	1
A man and woman are running in a race.	A couple sits and watches a movie.	0
Two individuals are running down a street in some sort of running competition.	the runners are going the wrong way	0
Two individuals are running down a street in some sort of running competition.	two people in a running competition	1
A man and a woman are competing in a race.	The man and woman are riding a tandem bicycle.	0
A man and a woman are competing in a race.	A man and woman are racing one another.	1
A dog jumping through a hoop.	The dog is able to do tricks.	1
A dog jumping through a hoop.	The dog is training to be a cat.	0
a guy and a girl running.	The man and woman are dancing.	0
a guy and a girl running.	The people are running.	1
A man dressed in blue is wearing a backpack and shades.	A naked man.	0
A man dressed in blue is wearing a backpack and shades.	A man with a backpack and sunglasses.	1
A man cooking rice on a brick stove.	A person cooks rice.	1
A man cooking rice on a brick stove.	A woman makes dinner on the ceramic stovetop.	0
Two knights on horses joust.	The knights are on the ground fighting with swords.	0
Two knights on horses joust.	The knights are jousting on horseback.	1
A man and woman sit at a table inside a fast food restaurant.	They are inside.	1
A man and woman sit at a table inside a fast food restaurant.	They are taking a nap.	0
Many kids are jumping in bags.	The kids are swimming in a pool.	0
Many kids are jumping in bags.	Kids are jumping.	1
Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	Two people are jousting.	1
Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	There are people jousting indoors.	0
Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	People are watching two people joust.	1
Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	Two people are feeding the horses.	0
Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	There are people jousting and a crowd watching.	1
Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	Two people hold shields.	1
Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	The jousters are riding mules.	0
Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	The jousters had no lances.	0
Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	People in a swimming pool splash each other.	0
Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.	People are on horses fighting with each other in front of spectators.	1
A man dressed in red with a red lance and shield and another with aqua equipment and clothing perform a jousting competition for a modern-day audience.	the man is dressed in white and jumping	0
A man dressed in red with a red lance and shield and another with aqua equipment and clothing perform a jousting competition for a modern-day audience.	a man dressed inred	1
A shirtless older man making a traditional Indian street food dish.	An elderly man is making a traditional street food dish	1
A shirtless older man making a traditional Indian street food dish.	The Elderly woman is making drinks for people at a street corner.	0
This is a renaissance fair with two men on horses dueling.	The men are dueling.	1
This is a renaissance fair with two men on horses dueling.	The men are dueling while riding dogs.	0
A woman is rollerblading as she hangs out with another woman.	Two women wrestle in the mud.	0
A woman is rollerblading as she hangs out with another woman.	Two women hanging out together.	1
Protesters wearing yellow scarves and helmets form a human wall for other protesters carrying a variety of flags.	The protesters wearing yellow form a human wall for the flag carrying protesters.	1
Protesters wearing yellow scarves and helmets form a human wall for other protesters carrying a variety of flags.	The people are quietly observing.	0
There are several people but three in particular, coming from a shopping center with boxes and plants in their carts.	There are only three people visible.	0
There are several people but three in particular, coming from a shopping center with boxes and plants in their carts.	There are people with items in their carts.	1
A football player trying to rush the opponents quarterback.	A football player is trying to tackle a quarterback.	1
A football player trying to rush the opponents quarterback.	A running back catching a pass and scoring.	0
A person wearing a gray jacket and sunglasses poses for the camera.	A person poses for a picture.	1
A person wearing a gray jacket and sunglasses poses for the camera.	A dolphin jumps through a hoop and people take pictures.	0
The woman in the purple with a pin and clipboard is waiting for the young lady answer.	The woman is hitting the young lady.	0
The woman in the purple with a pin and clipboard is waiting for the young lady answer.	Two women are communicating with eachother.	1
A young woman wearing tan pants is touching her shoe.	Woman wearing shorts	0
A young woman wearing tan pants is touching her shoe.	Woman wearing pants	1
A woman in a purple sweatshirt is writing something down while another woman looks along.	A woman is using a pen to write on paper	1
A woman in a purple sweatshirt is writing something down while another woman looks along.	A woman is reading a book to another woman	0
The crowd is watching a soccer game.	The crowd is picking blueberries	0
The crowd is watching a soccer game.	There is a game going on in this picture	1
A punk band is playing on stage.	A woman performs on stage.	0
A punk band is playing on stage.	A group of humans plays music.	1
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	A man and a woman stand in front of a water Lilly.	0
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	Two people pose in front of a big red statue	1
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	Some people are in front of a piece of art.	1
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	A man poses by himself in front of a blue statue	0
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	There are two people in front of a statue.	1
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	Two old men play chess in the middle of an aquarium.	0
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	Two people stand in front of a large red statue.	1
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	Some people are sitting down in an art museum.	0
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	Two people stand together	1
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.	The man and woman are sitting.	0
A man and woman look back at the camera while standing in front of a red art structure.	The man and the woman are in front of a camera.	1
A man and woman look back at the camera while standing in front of a red art structure.	The man and woman are destroying the blue painted canvases.	0
A man and a woman looking at a red sculpture.	A couple shares dinner.	0
A man and a woman looking at a red sculpture.	A couple views a sculpture.	1
A man and woman stand near a large red sculpture outdoors.	A couple are eating in a cafeteria.	0
A man and woman stand near a large red sculpture outdoors.	Two people are near a sculpture.	1
A couple looking at a red sculpture	An artist is painting a portrait of a dog.	0
A couple looking at a red sculpture	A couple views a sculpture.	1
Three boys in different clothing are playing soccer.	three boys are playing soccer	1
Three boys in different clothing are playing soccer.	three boys are bowling	0
Spectators observe as London Arsenal FC practices soccer on their field.	Crowd riots at soccer game and demands free food.	0
Spectators observe as London Arsenal FC practices soccer on their field.	Crowd watches soccer practice.	1
Three men and a woman caught midair jumping into a pool at a party.	Three men and a woman watching tv.	0
Three men and a woman caught midair jumping into a pool at a party.	A group of people jumping into a pool.	1
Two pale dogs run in grass.	Nothing is running	0
Two pale dogs run in grass.	Animals running	1
A brown and white cow jumps away from a black and white cattle dog.	A cow tries to escape from a cattle dog	1
A brown and white cow jumps away from a black and white cattle dog.	A horse chases a cat	0
Three men and one woman are jumping into a swimming pool full of calm blue water.	There is nobody at the pool.	0
Three men and one woman are jumping into a swimming pool full of calm blue water.	Four people are jumping into a pool	1
A young child wearing a yellow wetsuit rides on a surfboard.	A kid on a surfboard.	1
A young child wearing a yellow wetsuit rides on a surfboard.	A boy learns to play football.	0
A man with a gold chain looks on in the city and a woman gasps behind him.	A horse is running fast.	0
A man with a gold chain looks on in the city and a woman gasps behind him.	A man and a woman.	1
An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A man is climbing buildings like a spider.	0
An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A man is wearing a coat.	1
An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A man is wearing a coat in a city.	1
An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A woman is wearing a coat in the countryside.	0
An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A man is heading into the city.	1
An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	A man walks wearing a coat.	1
An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	An African American man is taking a trip to the forest.	0
An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	An Asian man in short sleeves walks through the woods.	0
An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	The man is white.	0
An African American man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.	An African-American man is walking in a city.	1
A young boy rides his boogieboard through the ocean spray.	The boy sits on the beach.	0
A young boy rides his boogieboard through the ocean spray.	The boy rides his boogieboard on the ocean	1
Two guys are trying to control an animal.	The guys are grabbing at a cow.	0
Two guys are trying to control an animal.	An animal is being corralled by two men.	1
The rowdy bull spits as the men attempt to lasso it.	The men have ropes.	1
The rowdy bull spits as the men attempt to lasso it.	The bull is sleeping.	0
One man is trailing behind a black bull while the other stands nearby watching.	Two men are around a bull.	1
One man is trailing behind a black bull while the other stands nearby watching.	One man rides the bull.	0
Two men and a bull are in a fenced area with dirt on the ground and a rope laying between the bull and men.	Two men are sitting in a supermarket.	0
Two men and a bull are in a fenced area with dirt on the ground and a rope laying between the bull and men.	Two people are standing in the area of an animal.	1
Two men, one standing and one seated on the ground are attempting to wrangle a bull as dust from the action is being kicked up.	Two cowboys are having a picnic.	0
Two men, one standing and one seated on the ground are attempting to wrangle a bull as dust from the action is being kicked up.	Two cowboys attempt to wrangle a bull.	1
Two hockey players slide into each other on the ice	The hockey players were on the ice.	1
Two hockey players slide into each other on the ice	The hockey players were in class learning russian.	0
Two hockey players fall to the ground in a game.	Two girls have a pillowfight in a dormitory	0
Two hockey players fall to the ground in a game.	Two people are falling	1
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.	players play football	0
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.	hockey player injured lied on ice	1
The two hockey players are down on the ice.	The men are playing baseball.	0
The two hockey players are down on the ice.	The players are on the ice.	1
Two hockey players fall on the ice.	A soccer player runs away.	0
Two hockey players fall on the ice.	Two players fall down.	1
A little boy in a blue hat and black bathing suit is staring at the ocean.	A boy is building a snowman in the winter.	0
A little boy in a blue hat and black bathing suit is staring at the ocean.	A boy is near a body of water.	1
A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	a boy in the snow throws snowballs	0
A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	A boy is playing outside.	1
A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	The boy is swimming in the ocean.	0
A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	A boy is at the beach.	1
A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	A child is playing in the sand.	1
A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	The boy is sitting inside playing with his tablet.	0
A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	A boy is making a snowman	0
A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	A boy swims at the beach and hold a sea shell.	0
A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	a boy has a shovel	1
A male child in a blue summer hat shoveling at the beach looks on at a family that plays in the ocean.	A boy with a shovel watches a family.	1
This is a beach scene consisting of a child by the shoreline holding a shovel full of sand and looking out at a group of people in the water.	This is a scene consisting of a child sleeping indoors.	0
This is a beach scene consisting of a child by the shoreline holding a shovel full of sand and looking out at a group of people in the water.	This is a scene consisting of a child.	1
This family is relaxing outside of their motorhome.	A family is outside.	1
This family is relaxing outside of their motorhome.	A family is outside a mansion.	0
Women play volleyball while two referees manage the game.	There is a volleyball match happening	1
Women play volleyball while two referees manage the game.	Women are playing soccer	0
A tall, skinny guy with long black hair is walking while talking on a cellphone and carrying a drum on his head.	A tall guy is singing and swinging his arms while walking down some stairs.	0
A tall, skinny guy with long black hair is walking while talking on a cellphone and carrying a drum on his head.	A guy is who is not short is currently in motion.	1
A child in a hat and jacket is looking at flowers.	A child wears a turban.	0
A child in a hat and jacket is looking at flowers.	A child wears a hat.	1
Two little boys holding apples near the street.	The boys are sleeping.	0
Two little boys holding apples near the street.	The boys have apples.	1
Two young boys with apples hop a concrete barrier.	The boys are sitting quietly in class.	0
Two young boys with apples hop a concrete barrier.	The boys are carrying food and jumping.	1
A baseball player places himself in the trajectory of an oncoming baseball.	There is a woman dancing.	0
A baseball player places himself in the trajectory of an oncoming baseball.	There is a person playing baseball.	1
Two boys with apples leap over a barrier in the street.	The boys have apples.	1
Two boys with apples leap over a barrier in the street.	The boys have oranges.	0
Two little boys eating apples climing over a retaining wall.	A girl climbs a wall.	0
Two little boys eating apples climing over a retaining wall.	Two boys eating outside.	1
A man is talking on a cellphone and riding a bike.	Nobody is talking	0
A man is talking on a cellphone and riding a bike.	A human talking	1
Some people are sitting at an outside food market at night.	These people are eating in a restaurant	0
Some people are sitting at an outside food market at night.	Its night out	1
Many people outside on bicycles.	People are outside.	1
Many people outside on bicycles.	People are skiing.	0
Here is a man wearing a gray hat with a flower boutonniere raising his glass.	A young woman in a dress raises her glass.	0
Here is a man wearing a gray hat with a flower boutonniere raising his glass.	Someone in formal wear giving a toast.	1
A male is laying down reading a book.	Man reads book.	1
A male is laying down reading a book.	A man burns a book.	0
A group of people ride bicycles on a large city street.	The people are outside on bikes.	1
A group of people ride bicycles on a large city street.	A group of people are dancing in the street.	0
Asian people ride their bikes in the street.	These Asian people own bikes.	1
Asian people ride their bikes in the street.	The Asian people are driving cars.	0
People gathered together in a dark room.	People gathered together in a room.	1
People gathered together in a dark room.	Dogs gathered together in a dark room.	0
A woman stands in front of a bridge, talking passionately through a megaphone.	The woman is indoors.	0
A woman stands in front of a bridge, talking passionately through a megaphone.	The woman is outside.	1
A middle-aged barber is standing by his chair in an empty shop.	The barber cuts the hair of his patron.	0
A middle-aged barber is standing by his chair in an empty shop.	The barber has no customer.	1
A man is welding something made of metal near many tools.	A person uses their hands on an object made of metal.	1
A man is welding something made of metal near many tools.	A man is spraypainting graffiti near tools.	0
A man is welding, as the sparks fall into the air.	There is a man working.	1
A man is welding, as the sparks fall into the air.	There is a man eating dinner.	0
Sparks fly as this man in blue welds something.	A man is painting his living room.	0
Sparks fly as this man in blue welds something.	Someone is joining two pieces of metal with a welding machine.	1
A man working on metal with sparks flying.	The man is holding an object.	1
A man working on metal with sparks flying.	The man is chopping onions in the kitchen.	0
A man working in a metal shop	a woman working	0
A man working in a metal shop	a man working	1
Lounging on the pillar and worn bricks, the young man is immersed in his book.	The man checks his phone for messages.	0
Lounging on the pillar and worn bricks, the young man is immersed in his book.	The man is reading.	1
Two people stand by the water's edge.	A group of people are jogging.	0
Two people stand by the water's edge.	People are next to water.	1
A man wearing shades of black and gray leans against a pillar on the brick pavement reading a book.	A man is reading about how awful he looks.	0
A man wearing shades of black and gray leans against a pillar on the brick pavement reading a book.	A man wearing sunglasses is reading a book	1
A boy and a girl are standing on a riverbank facing the water.	The boy and girl are standing.	1
A boy and a girl are standing on a riverbank facing the water.	The boy and girl are sitting by the water.	0
A young woman and a young boy stand on the shore of a river.	A man and his son stand near the mountain.	0
A young woman and a young boy stand on the shore of a river.	People stand near the river.	1
Two people, a boy in yellow and girl in brown, standing at the shore of a lake.	Two boys are at the river.	0
Two people, a boy in yellow and girl in brown, standing at the shore of a lake.	Two people are standing by the like.	1
A boy and a slightly older girl stand on the shore of a small blue lake.	The girl sits on the beach.	0
A boy and a slightly older girl stand on the shore of a small blue lake.	The boy and girl stand on the shore.	1
A baby asleep in the parent's backpack.	A baby playing with a stuffed dragon.	0
A baby asleep in the parent's backpack.	A sleeping baby.	1
A woman plays on a tire swing with two children in the park.	A dog and a cat are playing in a barn.	0
A woman plays on a tire swing with two children in the park.	A woman and two children are outside.	1
Families are playing at the park on tire swings.	The park is completely deserted.	0
Families are playing at the park on tire swings.	There are people on the tire swings.	1
A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	The children are sleeping in a tent.	0
A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	A woman and two children are in the park.	1
A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	There are three people at the park.	1
A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	A man is playing with his dogs at an outdoor park.	0
A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	The woman is playing by two children.	1
A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	There are people outdoors.	1
A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	The swing is made out of barb wire.	0
A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	A woman is reading a book while her kids take a nap.	0
A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	A woman is sliding down the slide.	0
A woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.	The woman and two kids are outdoors.	1
A girl in green walks down a city street.	The girl is walking.	1
A girl in green walks down a city street.	The girl is sitting on the beach.	0
A young boy is walking in front of some stores	a young boy is walking in front of the store	1
A woman and children swinging on a tire swing.	the man is weinging	0
A woman and children swinging on a tire swing.	the children are swinging	1
A small child in green clothing walks past a store opening and a woman in pink pants.	a small child is bathing in the river	0
A small child in green clothing walks past a store opening and a woman in pink pants.	a small child is by some store fronts	1
A man on the river in a blue kayak	A man is fishing in the river from shore.	0
A man on the river in a blue kayak	A man is using a blue kayak.	1
A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	The man is near water.	1
A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	A man kayaks in a body of water.	1
A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	a dog goes swimming in a park	0
A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	A man is driving a truck.	0
A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	The kayak is seaworthy.	1
A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	The man goes up the creek without a paddle.	0
A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	The man is waterskiing.	0
A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	A man is in a kayak.	1
A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	A man sits on the beach.	0
A man in a blue kayak paddles in water.	a man in a kayak paddles	1
A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	The man is bowling.	0
A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	There is a person in a boat.	1
A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	A man paddles a canoe in the ocean.	1
A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	a man uses a rowing machine inside	0
A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	a man paddles a canoe	1
A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	A yacht sails into the harbor.	0
A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	The man is paddling in a purple canoe.	0
A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	The man is surrounded by water.	1
A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	There is a boat in the water.	1
A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.	A man sits in a chair.	0
A man is riding in a blue kayak in the ocean.	The man is riding in an orange kayak in his backyard.	0
A man is riding in a blue kayak in the ocean.	There is a blue kayak in the ocean.	1
A child is doing a handstand on a green lawn outside where several people are playing.	A child is performing a handstand.	1
A child is doing a handstand on a green lawn outside where several people are playing.	A child is eating.	0
A young girl with two differently colored shoes does front flips in a large, open field.	There is a young girl in this picture.	1
A young girl with two differently colored shoes does front flips in a large, open field.	The girl is sitting inside reading a book while it snows outside.	0
A boy wearing red swim trunks is playing in the water at the beach.	a boy is wearing a black three piece suit	0
A boy wearing red swim trunks is playing in the water at the beach.	a bay wears red	1
Young child is splashing and playing at the beach.	The child is playing at a lake.	0
Young child is splashing and playing at the beach.	The child is playing in the water at the beach.	1
A teenager is trying his hand at ax-throwing.	The teenage boy is throwing axes at a target	1
A teenager is trying his hand at ax-throwing.	The boy is playing video games upstairs in his room.	0
Two men playing tennis, one is hitting the ball.	Two people are playing tennis outdoors.	1
Two men playing tennis, one is hitting the ball.	The men are watching the ball fly between them.	0
A tennis player returns a serve back to his opponent.	A tennis player is on the court.	1
A tennis player returns a serve back to his opponent.	There are no people competing.	0
A men's tennis match on blue court, shows player perfectly catching and returning the ball.	Men are playing tennis.	1
A men's tennis match on blue court, shows player perfectly catching and returning the ball.	Two football players are playing racquetball.	0
A child in an orange shirt examines the propeller on a large radial aircraft engine.	The child examines the train.	0
A child in an orange shirt examines the propeller on a large radial aircraft engine.	A child is staring at an airplane.	1
A little dog plays with a colorful ball in the sand.	The dog is playing in the sand.	1
A little dog plays with a colorful ball in the sand.	The animal is on the beach.	0
Two boys' football teams compete on the field.	Two boys' football teams compete.	1
Two boys' football teams compete on the field.	The girls played soccer.	0
Two boys' football teams compete on the field.	Two boys' football teams were on the field.	1
The family enjoys an afternoon at the park in the shade.	The family found a shady spot in the park to relax.	1
The family enjoys an afternoon at the park in the shade.	The family enjoy the air conditioning indoors.	0
Two youths, a goalie in black shirt and another boy in a striped shirt, are moving the ball on a soccer field.	Two kids are playing video games inside.	0
Two youths, a goalie in black shirt and another boy in a striped shirt, are moving the ball on a soccer field.	Two kids are playing soccer.	1
Guy in jeans and black jacket walking along grass and trees with the city in the background.	The woman jogged in the grass.	0
Guy in jeans and black jacket walking along grass and trees with the city in the background.	The guy walked along the grass.	1
A woman and a child sit together and smile.	A woman is smiling with a child.	1
A woman and a child sit together and smile.	A man is kidnapping a child and smiling.	0
Dog with tongue out looking up at a young boy with glasses	The cat is brushing up against the leg of the girl.	0
Dog with tongue out looking up at a young boy with glasses	The dog is staring at the little boy.	1
A man performs daring tricks on his motorcycle.	Man riding a bike	1
A man performs daring tricks on his motorcycle.	Man running down the street	0
A motorcyclist performing a standing wheelie with one foot.	A small duck swims in a quiet pond.	0
A motorcyclist performing a standing wheelie with one foot.	A person on a motorcycle performs a trick.	1
A person in jeans is standing up and doing a wheelie on the back of a motorcycle.	a dog is doing a wheelie	0
A person in jeans is standing up and doing a wheelie on the back of a motorcycle.	a person is doing a wheelie	1
A crowd goes from tent to tent looking for special items to purchase.	There are a lot of people looking for things.	1
A crowd goes from tent to tent looking for special items to purchase.	A crowd is line dancing in a barn.	0
People in a crowded flee market searching for things to buy.	No one is around the marketplace	0
People in a crowded flee market searching for things to buy.	People are standing outside	1
Shoppers checking out local buys at a street market.	The shoppers are outdoors.	1
Shoppers checking out local buys at a street market.	The shoppers are inside an outlet mall.	0
Two men and a woman in a market looking at a bike.	Three people are looking at a bike.	1
Two men and a woman in a market looking at a bike.	Three people are shopping for food.	0
A street vendor is displaying artwork and other goods.	The street vendor is selling food.	0
A street vendor is displaying artwork and other goods.	The street vendor is showing people something.	1
Two young men and a young lady walk through a field near the water.	The people are chasing a body of water away from the field they are in.	0
Two young men and a young lady walk through a field near the water.	Two men and a woman walk near water.	1
A man and woman get in the boxing stance to start their exercise.	Two people playing hopscotch.	0
A man and woman get in the boxing stance to start their exercise.	A man getting in a boxing stance with a woman.	1
A woman and daughter are smiling at the camera.	The two females are not related.	0
A woman and daughter are smiling at the camera.	Two females are smiling.	1
A young black girl wearing a blue shirt and a blue headscarf is looking at the camera.	The girl is black	1
A young black girl wearing a blue shirt and a blue headscarf is looking at the camera.	The girl isn't looking at anything in particular	0
A girl leaning against a woman's shoulder while sitting on a bench.	A woman and a girl are sitting beside each other on a bench.	1
A girl leaning against a woman's shoulder while sitting on a bench.	A man and his son play catch at the park.	0
A kid shouts while two women converse with each other.	A person watches two women sleeping.	0
A kid shouts while two women converse with each other.	A child uses their voice and two women speak with each other.	1
Dark image of men playing bongo drums and drinking	The men are playing music	1
Dark image of men playing bongo drums and drinking	The men are playing video games	0
a group of men playing drums in a drum circle	The men are playing the clarinet and flute.	0
a group of men playing drums in a drum circle	The drums are musical instruments.	1
Four people are playing drums.	The people are playing pianos.	0
Four people are playing drums.	People are hitting an instrument.	1
There are three lambs: one white, one black, and one spotted.	There are three mammals.	1
There are three lambs: one white, one black, and one spotted.	There are three cows in a barn.	0
A young man carries flags outside a building	The girl is running laps.	0
A young man carries flags outside a building	A person is carrying a flag.	1
A young child is shouting with people around him.	A child is singing very loudly.	0
A young child is shouting with people around him.	A young child is shouting.	1
A large crowd of people stand at the start line of a race.	The crowd is crying.	0
A large crowd of people stand at the start line of a race.	The large crowd of people are standing at the start	1
Three boys on an intertube in water	Kids are playing in the water.	1
Three boys on an intertube in water	Kids are watching TV.	0
A whole lot of people are about to start a race or organized walk of some sort.	There is about to be an event.	1
A whole lot of people are about to start a race or organized walk of some sort.	There aren't any people.	0
Three young sheep walk along the grassy hill.	A bear runs on a snow capped mountain.	0
Three young sheep walk along the grassy hill.	Three sheep walk on the hill.	1
four men in a van one man turned around giving peace sign to man behind him.	Four men in a van, one giving the peace sign.	1
four men in a van one man turned around giving peace sign to man behind him.	The men are walking down the street.	0
A large crown in front of McDonald's.	There are people at the hamburger joint.	1
A large crown in front of McDonald's.	A large wave splashes over the side of the boat.	0
Ballerinas dancing on a large stage under blue spotlights.	People dancing on a stage under spotlights.	1
Ballerinas dancing on a large stage under blue spotlights.	Ballerinas dancing on a small stage under yellow spotlights.	0
A baby girl is yelling with two adults and a cat in the background.	The baby is with two adults and a cat	1
A baby girl is yelling with two adults and a cat in the background.	the baby is sleeping	0
Workers at a Starbucks restaurant show off their facilities.	People are working at Dunkin Donuts.	0
Workers at a Starbucks restaurant show off their facilities.	People are working with food.	1
Bikini-clad female at the beach doing a cartwheel.	There is a woman outside.	1
Bikini-clad female at the beach doing a cartwheel.	There is a woman sleeping.	0
A woman stands with two young girls in dresses looking at bubbles.	Woman selling two girls	0
A woman stands with two young girls in dresses looking at bubbles.	Woman standing with girls	1
Lambs on a grassy hill.	There are animals on a hill.	1
Lambs on a grassy hill.	The lambs get ready to take an elevator.	0
A man in a black jacket and blue jeans is walking outside on the sidewalk.	A man is sleeping on a bench.	0
A man in a black jacket and blue jeans is walking outside on the sidewalk.	A man is moving.	1
A soccer game in progress between to teams one team with players wearing yellow and black clothing and another team of players wearing light blue and white there is also two opposing players in the middle of the field both men look like they are trying to kick the ball.	Soccer players are playing outside.	1
A soccer game in progress between to teams one team with players wearing yellow and black clothing and another team of players wearing light blue and white there is also two opposing players in the middle of the field both men look like they are trying to kick the ball.	The soccer players are inside at a pool.	0
Three boys grab onto an inflatable donut in the water.	People are in the water.	1
Three boys grab onto an inflatable donut in the water.	The three boys are sitting on the beach.	0
Two men using a computer.	Two men are doing an activity.	1
Two men using a computer.	Two men are reading a book while jumping on a pogo stick in mud.	0
Female wearing a red and white flowered bikini is doing a cartwheel on a sandy beach.	A girl on a farm in ohio	0
Female wearing a red and white flowered bikini is doing a cartwheel on a sandy beach.	A girl doing acrobatics.	1
A man in a red shirt is on a computer and another man is sitting near him.	A woman is outside playing with children.	0
A man in a red shirt is on a computer and another man is sitting near him.	Two people are in in the same room.	1
Three little boys on a float in a river.	three boys on a river	1
Three little boys on a float in a river.	Humans on a river	1
Three little boys on a float in a river.	boys on the water	1
Three little boys on a float in a river.	three boys sleep in a tent	0
Three little boys on a float in a river.	Three boys float in a river.	1
Three little boys on a float in a river.	boys are sad to be back in school for the day	0
Three little boys on a float in a river.	2 whores eat a pizza	0
Three little boys on a float in a river.	a trio of young boys play on  a river	1
Three little boys on a float in a river.	Three boys play hopscotch on the sidewalk.	0
Three little boys on a float in a river.	boys play on a beach	0
Two people working on computers.	The people are talking a chemistry exam.	0
Two people working on computers.	The people are near the computers.	1
An older man and women are using computers in a sort of storage room.	Just an empty room	0
An older man and women are using computers in a sort of storage room.	Humans in a room	1
A woman is looking at a city map.	A woman views a map.	1
A woman is looking at a city map.	A woman uses GPS in her car.	0
Three people are in a body of water.	A woman is lying on the beach alone.	0
Three people are in a body of water.	The water has people in it.	1
A woman in a white jacket is standing next to an older woman while reviewing a subway map.	A woman is reading a subway map.	1
A woman in a white jacket is standing next to an older woman while reviewing a subway map.	Two women are waiting to board their plane.	0
A woman asking for directions in front of a colorful map.	A lady is asking for directions to her meeting	1
A woman asking for directions in front of a colorful map.	While watching a movie he falls a sleep on the street	0
Two women, one old, looking at a map.	The two woman are taking pictures with their cameras.	0
Two women, one old, looking at a map.	The two women are looking at a map.	1
Two women standing in front of a map.	two women standing	1
Two women standing in front of a map.	a boy eats grapes	0
Two men are in a boxing ring staring at each other with their guards up.	The two men are looking away from each other.	0
Two men are in a boxing ring staring at each other with their guards up.	The two boxers are looking at each other.	1
Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	The people are near a table.	1
Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	Young people are wrestling each other.	0
Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	The people are sitting in church.	0
Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	Some humans playing cards.	1
Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	The young people are running.	0
Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	People are playing a game.	1
Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	People are playing cards.	1
Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	Youthful Human beings are gathered around a flat surface to play a card game.	1
Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	Dogs playing cards.	0
Several young people sit at a table playing poker.	Men are standing around playing dice.	0
A man with a long-sleeved shirt and board shorts surfs towards the camera and leans over with his right hand in the water.	A man cleans his surfboard.	0
A man with a long-sleeved shirt and board shorts surfs towards the camera and leans over with his right hand in the water.	A man surfs.	1
Children in an African schoolhouse.	The little African children were crying in the commercial because they could not go to school today.	0
Children in an African schoolhouse.	There was a classroom of children in Africa going to school.	1
A group of kids plays in the spray of water from a fountain.	The fountain is broken	0
A group of kids plays in the spray of water from a fountain.	The fountain is spraying	1
A person walks between two buildings.	The person is walking in between some buildings.	1
A person walks between two buildings.	THe person is sleeping in the alley way.	0
A blond woman stands alone in a city alleyway.	A woman is outside.	1
A blond woman stands alone in a city alleyway.	The dark headed woman stands alone in a city.	0
Children in white and blue uniforms are sitting at their red desks in their green classroom.	The desks don't match the uniforms.	1
Children in white and blue uniforms are sitting at their red desks in their green classroom.	The desks and walls are the same colors.	0
Students sit in a classroom with green walls and red desks, waving at the camera.	There are students sitting in the classroom.	1
Students sit in a classroom with green walls and red desks, waving at the camera.	The students are singing a song.	0
African children sit waving in teal classroom with red benches and tables.	Children are playing outside during recess.	0
African children sit waving in teal classroom with red benches and tables.	Children are sitting inside.	1
Two children, one in a yellow shirt and the other in red rain boots, swing on the swings at a playground.	Two children are swinging at the playground.	1
Two children, one in a yellow shirt and the other in red rain boots, swing on the swings at a playground.	The children are watching television.	0
Two children, one in a yellow shirt and the other in red rain boots, swing on the swings at a playground.	The children are playing.	1
Two children, one in a yellow shirt and the other in red rain boots, swing on the swings at a playground.	The children are swimming in the pool.	0
Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	The girls are standing up.	0
Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	females are sitting	1
Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	Females are doing textile work.	1
Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	A group of females are on the ground.	1
Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	Females work on textile work.	1
Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	men are eating pancakes	0
Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	Women are working.	1
Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	The females are working on a gravel parking lot.	0
Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	Men are sewing.	0
Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.	Males work on textile work.	0
A soccer team wearing light blue gets in a huddle during a match.	A rabbit is hopping through the grass.	0
A soccer team wearing light blue gets in a huddle during a match.	A soccer team gets in a huddle during a match while wearing light blue	1
A group of Indian women are in a factory making clothes, sitting in front of old fashioned sewing machines.	Female workers out in the middle of a field.	0
A group of Indian women are in a factory making clothes, sitting in front of old fashioned sewing machines.	A bunch of females inside of a building.	1
A group of adult, male soccer players wearing blue uniforms are forming a huddle.	A human wearing uniform	1
A group of adult, male soccer players wearing blue uniforms are forming a huddle.	Nobody is wearing a uniform	0
Four men lounging on furniture while all on their laptops against a tan colored wall.	The men are sitting on furniture.	1
Four men lounging on furniture while all on their laptops against a tan colored wall.	The men are zombies.	0
Seems to me looks like people in a work room or office working they all using laptop computers from apple it seems there Dr Pepper soda and water bottle on the desk	People are inside working on laptop computers.	1
Seems to me looks like people in a work room or office working they all using laptop computers from apple it seems there Dr Pepper soda and water bottle on the desk	The people using laptops are outside.	0
Women are working at looms.	Women are working	1
Women are working at looms.	Woman are puking	0
A team dressed in blue uniforms huddles on a playing field.	The team is wearing green.	0
A team dressed in blue uniforms huddles on a playing field.	The team is outdoors.	1
Two children, a girl and a boy, are swinging on a swing set.	There are people outdoors	1
Two children, a girl and a boy, are swinging on a swing set.	There are people standing near a swing set outdoors	0
A woman in a white shirt is talking on her yellow cellphone.	The woman prefers dark things.	0
A woman in a white shirt is talking on her yellow cellphone.	The woman has lots of bright items.	1
Two men are kickboxing in a kickboxing ring.	Men are kickboxing.	1
Two men are kickboxing in a kickboxing ring.	Men are playing a tame game of table tennis.	0
Several men of Asian descent, along with US military members, are sitting in a lunch meeting, while talking informally and ordering their food.	Humans sitting	1
Several men of Asian descent, along with US military members, are sitting in a lunch meeting, while talking informally and ordering their food.	Nobody is sitting	0
A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A woman in a green shirt is sitting down.	0
A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A man is swimming in a pool.	0
A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A person is riding a motorized vehicle.	1
A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A man is driving a vehicle	1
A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A male standing on a machine and moving.	1
A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	The man is riding a bike.	0
A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A man is driving a vehicle.	1
A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	The man is moving.	1
A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	The segway is parked in the garage.	0
A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle.	A thin woman is driving a vehicle	0
A surfer digs his board deep in the water to cut the wave he is riding.	A guy is surfing.	1
A surfer digs his board deep in the water to cut the wave he is riding.	A surfer is asleep.	0
Many pink and purple balloons are crowded into an outdoor area as a woman with an umbrella walks by.	A woman is carrying some balloons.	0
Many pink and purple balloons are crowded into an outdoor area as a woman with an umbrella walks by.	A woman walks by some balloons.	1
A young boy is wearing a white jumpsuit.	A girl wears a blue jumpsuit.	0
A young boy is wearing a white jumpsuit.	A boy wears a white outfit.	1
A person in tan pants is inside a silver mobile object while people watch.	The person in tan pants is running outside.	0
A person in tan pants is inside a silver mobile object while people watch.	A person is at least partially clothed in a mobile object.	1
Five young men standing on a beach with a bridge in the distance smile as the front boy, dressed in a tan outfit with blue sandals, leans back to throw something.	Some people are on the beach.	1
Five young men standing on a beach with a bridge in the distance smile as the front boy, dressed in a tan outfit with blue sandals, leans back to throw something.	Five young men play football on the school field.	0
A waterskiing man on something similar to a snowboard perches on a rail obstacle with just the tip of the board.	A waterskiing woman is on a rail obstacle.	0
A waterskiing man on something similar to a snowboard perches on a rail obstacle with just the tip of the board.	A waterskiing man is on a rail obstacle.	1
Two brown dog play together in the water.	girl follows boy	0
Two brown dog play together in the water.	dogs playing	1
Two identical brown dogs in the water with their noses in the air.	two cats lay sleeping	0
Two identical brown dogs in the water with their noses in the air.	two dogs are in the water	1
A woman with a white hat, orange shirt, and a sickle is standing in a field with black gloves.	a woman sits in a chair	0
A woman with a white hat, orange shirt, and a sickle is standing in a field with black gloves.	a woman is standing	1
A woman in a hat holding her harvest while clamping her sickle in her armpit.	The woman is holding a bag of groceries with a book in her pit.	0
A woman in a hat holding her harvest while clamping her sickle in her armpit.	The woman has something in her armpit.	1
Two dogs play in the water.	The dogs are resting under a tree.	0
Two dogs play in the water.	The dogs are wet.	1
Asian woman harvesting wheat.	There is a woman with wheat.	1
Asian woman harvesting wheat.	The woman is eating corn.	0
A man in red pants walking on rocks.	The man is surfing.	0
A man in red pants walking on rocks.	The man's pants are not blue.	1
A man in rides bicycle carrying pipes in his hand.	The man is smoking with the window down.	0
A man on rollerblades grinds a wall.	A man sits on a park bench.	0
A man on rollerblades grinds a wall.	A man is skating.	1
A older man in a Revolutionary type costume is ringing a bell on a street.	A kid rides his bike.	0
A older man in a Revolutionary type costume is ringing a bell on a street.	A man rings a bell.	1
Two people, wearing genie outfits, flying on a magic carpet.	Two people wearing genie outfits are sitting in chairs.	0
Two people, wearing genie outfits, flying on a magic carpet.	Two people are flying on a carpet.	1
Killer whales perform for a crowd.	There are animals performing.	1
Killer whales perform for a crowd.	The killer whales were sleeping in the pool.	0
Two elderly men are building a stone cottage wall in front of a blue cottage.	Two men are using wood to build a fence near a dog house.	0
Two elderly men are building a stone cottage wall in front of a blue cottage.	Two men are outside working on a building.	1
Three whales are jumping into the air at the same time in front of a very large crowd.	A whale sits very still.	0
Three whales are jumping into the air at the same time in front of a very large crowd.	Whales leap into the air.	1
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.	The dolphins are talking on their cell phones.	0
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.	There are a crowd of people watching dolphins jump out of a pool.	1
Three whales are jumping in the air while people watch.	The tourists are bowling.	0
Three whales are jumping in the air while people watch.	The whales are jumping.	1
Three Orca whales jump in a pool at seaworld.	Three Orca whales are at a resort.	1
Three Orca whales jump in a pool at seaworld.	Three Orca whales and a seal are in the water.	0
A fit young man in a blue tank-top uses both hands to splash water on his face from a wooden bowl.	 A fit young man in a blue tank-top.	1
A fit young man in a blue tank-top uses both hands to splash water on his face from a wooden bowl.	A young man is sleeping on a roof.	0
A man with red pants holding on to a wall trying to make it sown some small rocks.	A man is swimming in the ocean.	0
A man with red pants holding on to a wall trying to make it sown some small rocks.	A man with red pants on is holding onto a wall with small rocks.	1
Two men on bicycles, dressed with helmets and racing jerseys, are exiting from a building.	Two men on skateboards are riding in the street.	0
Two men on bicycles, dressed with helmets and racing jerseys, are exiting from a building.	Two people are riding bikes.	1
Man in a blue shirt and red shorts standing on the sidewalk.	A man is on the sidewalk	1
Man in a blue shirt and red shorts standing on the sidewalk.	The man is nude	0
A young man in a blue tank top washing his face with water from a bucket.	The tank top is red.	0
A young man in a blue tank top washing his face with water from a bucket.	There is a man.	1
A girl with a red cap and a man with a blue jacket tied around his waist are looking at the mountains.	people are outside	1
A girl with a red cap and a man with a blue jacket tied around his waist are looking at the mountains.	two dogs are running near a mountain	0
A woman in a gray shirt and black Capris is running along a road.	A woman in a gray shirt running.	1
A woman in a gray shirt and black Capris is running along a road.	The woman is naked.	0
Two women standing at a stone wall overlooking a vast hilly landscape.	The women are sitting	0
Two women standing at a stone wall overlooking a vast hilly landscape.	The women are at a stone wall	1
A man wearing red pants about to reach the ground.	A man wearing red pants in the air close to the ground outside.	1
A man wearing red pants about to reach the ground.	A man wearing a blue shirt sleeping underneath a tree.	0
Two girls draw on cement with chalk with the ocean in the background.	The girls are near the ocean.	1
Two girls draw on cement with chalk with the ocean in the background.	The girls are drawing on the walls of a morgue.	0
A kid is looking at coffee machines inside a store.	A kid is running through the park.	0
A kid is looking at coffee machines inside a store.	A kid is indoors.	1
A teenage boy is looking at coffee makers at Walmart.	A teenager is at Walmart.	1
A teenage boy is looking at coffee makers at Walmart.	A teenage girl looks at jewelry at Walmart.	0
One young man is looking at coffee makers in a store.	A guys shopping for a new coffee maker.	1
One young man is looking at coffee makers in a store.	This guy is thirsty.	0
A male teen in a white hat looks at a coffee maker at the store.	A male teen wears a white hat.	1
A male teen in a white hat looks at a coffee maker at the store.	The teen is looking for his girlfriend.	0
A young man looks at a coffee marker on the shelf of a department store.	a person looks over a store item	1
A young man looks at a coffee marker on the shelf of a department store.	an old man looks at a cofee maker	0
A woman is jogging in grass next to a road.	Woman goes for a jog.	1
A woman is jogging in grass next to a road.	A woman walks through a city.	0
A male with a hat a is sweeping the road.	A man is sitting on a porch.	0
A male with a hat a is sweeping the road.	A male is cleaning outside.	1
A group of people waving a flag on stage	A group is in a field during arts and crafts	0
A group of people waving a flag on stage	A crowd has a flag	1
Two dogs play tug-of-war with a disc, in knee-high water.	There are two animals with wet legs who are playing with each other.	1
Two dogs play tug-of-war with a disc, in knee-high water.	Two dogs play tug-of-war with a disc on a dry sidewalk.	0
Two dogs both fighting for control of a Frisbee while in a lake.	The dogs are climbing a tree.	0
Two dogs both fighting for control of a Frisbee while in a lake.	Two dogs are playing in water.	1
Two brown dogs play with a Frisbee in the water.	Puppies are fighting outside.	0
Two brown dogs play with a Frisbee in the water.	Animals are playing outside.	1
Two large dogs fighting over a Frisbee in the water.	Dogs are in water.	1
Two large dogs fighting over a Frisbee in the water.	Two teacup poodles are fighting over a bone.	0
Two dogs biting on a Frisbee in the pond.	The animals are outside.	1
Two dogs biting on a Frisbee in the pond.	The dogs are indoors.	0
Three men with drums and tattoos stand near a guy playing the bagpipes.	Four men standing near each other.	1
Three men with drums and tattoos stand near a guy playing the bagpipes.	The men are all sitting down.	0
Five people in tartan kilts play drums and a bagpipe in what appears to be a parade.	The five people are wearing Spanish sombreros.	0
Five people in tartan kilts play drums and a bagpipe in what appears to be a parade.	The people are playing musical instruments outdoors.	1
Men in Scottish garb walk down the street, three playing drums and another playing the bagpipes.	Five men are enjoying the drums.	1
Men in Scottish garb walk down the street, three playing drums and another playing the bagpipes.	Bagpipes are not available for men	0
This is an all male drum and bagpipe band enjoying their music on a paved area in front of a blue tent.	The tent is red.	0
This is an all male drum and bagpipe band enjoying their music on a paved area in front of a blue tent.	There is a bagpipe.	1
An urban, outdoor, daytime setting shows a building with blue walls and prominent graffiti; with two pallets leaning against the building and a sign overhead that says "TAY SHING CORP. 1 ALLEN ST.".	A set of pallets are being runover by a truck who's brakes failed	0
An urban, outdoor, daytime setting shows a building with blue walls and prominent graffiti; with two pallets leaning against the building and a sign overhead that says "TAY SHING CORP. 1 ALLEN ST.".	A set of pallets is stacked against a building	1
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	A bunch of children are dancing while wearing white, as another person jumps rope.	1
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	Children are dancing while another jumps rope.	1
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	A group of men play football on a Saturday afternoon.	0
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	Just one goose.	0
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	children studying in class	0
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	A group of children in white lying down on the floor.	0
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	Some humans dancing	1
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	A group of children moving.	1
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	children dancing while another jumps rope	1
A bunch of children in white are doing a dance routine while another person jumps rope.	A bunch of children are relaxing, while someone else jumps.	0
A small baby in a white and purple onesie cries while laying on a green blanket.	A puppy is crying on the blanket.	0
A small baby in a white and purple onesie cries while laying on a green blanket.	A baby is crying.	1
Baby in a lavender onesie lying on a pastel green blanket on a couch crying.	The baby has just learned to walk.	0
Baby in a lavender onesie lying on a pastel green blanket on a couch crying.	The baby is not happy right now.	1
A baby wearing a purple outfit and laying on a green blanket is crying.	A grown man laughs while laying on a blanket	0
A baby wearing a purple outfit and laying on a green blanket is crying.	A baby cries on a blanket	1
A baby in a white and light purple outfit crying.	A baby is wearing no clothes.	0
A baby in a white and light purple outfit crying.	A baby is crying.	1
Baby in a purple onesie crying.	The baby is sleeping peacefully.	0
Baby in a purple onesie crying.	The child is under three years old.	1
A dog running in the grass.	The dog is lying in the bedroom.	0
A dog running in the grass.	Outside there is an animal on the move.	1
The skateboarder jumps over the ramp.	rollerbladers burn down local animal shelter	0
The skateboarder jumps over the ramp.	person skateboarding	1
A little boy playing with his toy.	the dog ran  after the  car.	0
A little boy playing with his toy.	He got  to  play  with  his  toy.	1
An impromptu toast among friends.	Everyone in the room hates each other.	0
An impromptu toast among friends.	A toast among friends.	1
An impromptu toast among friends.	friends are fighting	0
An impromptu toast among friends.	Friends are related	1
An impromptu toast among friends.	Friends are having a drink.	1
An impromptu toast among friends.	A funeral.	0
An impromptu toast among friends.	A man sits alone.	0
An impromptu toast among friends.	Friends have gathered together.	1
An impromptu toast among friends.	A group of women doing housework.	0
An impromptu toast among friends.	People are holding up their drinks.	1
A crowd of children in white shirts, black shorts and white hats jumping rope.	A group of adults playing with a jump rope.	0
A crowd of children in white shirts, black shorts and white hats jumping rope.	A group of children playing jump rope.	1
Young Asian men are raising their styrofoam cups in a toast.	One girl is flying a kite.	0
Young Asian men are raising their styrofoam cups in a toast.	A group of Asian men are celebrating.	1
A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A little child sits on the floor playing with a toy.	1
A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	The dog is sleeping.	0
A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A child rides his bike outside	0
A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A child is playing with a toy while sitting on the floor.	1
A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A child is sleeping in a crib.	0
A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A young kid is playing on the floor.	1
A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A child plays with a toy on the floor	1
A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	An older child is playing with a doll while gazing out the window.	0
A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	Twins are fighting over a blue toy car.	0
A young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.	A child plays with a toy.	1
A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	Kid with toy	1
A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	A child is sleeping in a bed.	0
A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	Child playing catch	0
A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	The young child is indoors.	1
A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	A teenager is standing in the living room.	0
A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	The child in inside.	1
A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	The child is playing outside.	0
A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	A kid is on the floor.	1
A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	A child is amusing themselves.	1
A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.	A young child is running through a field.	0
A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A boy is playing with toys.	1
A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A girl playing with legos.	0
A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	The little boy is holding a toy	1
A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	The girl is playing with a doll.	0
A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A little boy plays with some toys.	1
A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A boy playing with legos.	1
A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A boy is playing with dolls.	0
A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	The boy is sitting in his high chair.	0
A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	The little boy is empty-handed	0
A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos.	A boy is playing with toys.	1
Large ground of men and women listening to something.	A large group of people are assembled together.	1
Large ground of men and women listening to something.	A few men and women are playing soccer.	0
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.	The swordsman's feet are not touching the ground.	1
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.	The swordsman is wearing a baseball outfit.	0
A man with a black hat reading a book while sitting on a red folding chair.	The man has a green hat on.	0
A man with a black hat reading a book while sitting on a red folding chair.	A man reads while he relaxes.	1
Three women are sitting next to a staircase.	Girls dancing freestyle to rap music.	0
Three women are sitting next to a staircase.	Multiple women near a staircase.	1
An actor dressed as a pirate performs in an outdoor park.	An actor is performing in an outdoor park dressed up.	1
An actor dressed as a pirate performs in an outdoor park.	An actor is eating at a fancy restaurant.	0
A person wearing a blue robe is in the air, holding a sword.	A sword wielder is in the air.	1
A person wearing a blue robe is in the air, holding a sword.	The swordsman wears a pale purple sheath dress.	0
Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Several ladies hold handrials on an incline shuttle.	1
Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Several women hold onto the handrails.	1
Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Several men drink coffee at the bus stop.	0
Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	The women are hiking up the mountain.	0
Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Women are holding handrails.	1
Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	There are ladies drinking tea at home.	0
Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	There are ladies going somewhere.	1
Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Some women are sitting together.	1
Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Several women walk up a flight of stairs.	0
Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.	Several men are standing on an incline shuttle.	0
There is a crowd of people standing in a the midst of the city.	one person protest in the city	0
There is a crowd of people standing in a the midst of the city.	a crowd in the city	1
A young man wearing a black shirt is posing for a picture in a museum.	A young man is inside.	1
A young man wearing a black shirt is posing for a picture in a museum.	The young man is outside skateboarding.	0
A young adult in a black shirt is sticking his hand in an animal trap.	The adult is mashing potatoes with his hands.	0
A young adult in a black shirt is sticking his hand in an animal trap.	The adult is wearing a shirt.	1
Young happy boy in a dark shirt is pretending to stick his hand in a prop animal trap.	a boy playing with an animal trap	1
Young happy boy in a dark shirt is pretending to stick his hand in a prop animal trap.	a man cleaning his yard tool	0
A young man in a black graphic shirt is pretending to place his hand in a torture device in a playful manner.	A person is goofing off with a device of torture.	1
A young man in a black graphic shirt is pretending to place his hand in a torture device in a playful manner.	A young man in a red graphic shirt is pretending to place his hand in a pool of lava in a playful manner.	0
A woman in a blue shirt is sitting on a curb.	The lady in blue is sitting down.	1
A woman in a blue shirt is sitting on a curb.	The lady in blue is running down the road.	0
A man and a woman sitting on a curb in an urban setting.	The two people are standing in the street.	0
A man and a woman sitting on a curb in an urban setting.	The couple sits on the city street.	1
A man and woman sit on a stoop while a man in a brown shirt holds his hand to his head and a person with a backpack stands with his back to the camera.	A group of people involved in different activities are outside.	1
A man and woman sit on a stoop while a man in a brown shirt holds his hand to his head and a person with a backpack stands with his back to the camera.	The group of people are sleeping in their beds inside their homes.	0
A man in a blue coat and red hat holds a sign with very small writing.	A man driving a motorcycle.	0
A man in a blue coat and red hat holds a sign with very small writing.	A person holding a sign.	1
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field	A dog is outside.	1
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field	A dog is chasing a ball on the back porch.	0
2 men in safety vests haul a hose out of a body of water.	Men are pulling a hose out of the water.	1
2 men in safety vests haul a hose out of a body of water.	Men are working on construction in the street.	0
a yellow lab drinks water.	A dog is thirsty.	1
a yellow lab drinks water.	The dog is sleeping on the porch.	0
Female is bathing in a waterfall while wearing a pink flowered bikini.	Person is submerged in a waterfall while wearing a two piece bathing suit.	1
Female is bathing in a waterfall while wearing a pink flowered bikini.	Man is cleaning a knife while wearing a sombrero.	0
A thin girl, with her eyes closed and her hands touching her head, is wearing a colorful bikini bottom and a red top as she stands beneath a briskly-flowing stream of water coming down from a wet cliff beside her.	Everybody has eyes opened.	0
A thin girl, with her eyes closed and her hands touching her head, is wearing a colorful bikini bottom and a red top as she stands beneath a briskly-flowing stream of water coming down from a wet cliff beside her.	A person with eyes closes	1
A young lady wearing a bathing suit is rinsing her hair out in nature under a falling stream of water.	A person has wet hair.	1
A young lady wearing a bathing suit is rinsing her hair out in nature under a falling stream of water.	The lady is taking a shower indoors.	0
A tan dog has a drink from water being poured from a spout.	A dog is drinking.	1
A tan dog has a drink from water being poured from a spout.	A dog is taking a nap in the sun.	0
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle.	The yellow dog is eating a bone.	0
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle.	The yellow dog is thirsty.	1
A young woman wearing a bikini, standing under a waterfall.	The woman is standing.	1
A young woman wearing a bikini, standing under a waterfall.	The woman is going to work while eating bars of gold.	0
A brown dog drinks from a water bottle.	An animal drinks.	1
A brown dog drinks from a water bottle.	A brown cat drinks from a bowl.	0
A group of people standing outside next to a tree and some chairs, there are cars and more trees in the background.	A group of people stand under a tree by some chairs.	1
A group of people standing outside next to a tree and some chairs, there are cars and more trees in the background.	A group of people sit inside a car.	0
A bald man holds his daughter up on his shoulders.	A bald man holds a girl up on his shoulders.	1
A bald man holds his daughter up on his shoulders.	A man with a mullet holds his daughter up on his shoulders.	0
Man in backpack in tight gray biker shorts bent over.	The man has a cat.	0
Man in backpack in tight gray biker shorts bent over.	A man has a backpack.	1
Several men and women gather at a sporting event.	The kids cheer for the magician.	0
Several men and women gather at a sporting event.	The people hang out at the sporting event.	1
A bald man in a black shirt with a girl sitting on his shoulders walking in the street.	A man with a red shirt is bowling with his 2 sons.	0
A bald man in a black shirt with a girl sitting on his shoulders walking in the street.	A bald man and a girl are outside.	1
Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	a little girl sits on a mans shoulders	1
Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they are walking.	1
Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	Young lady with face covering riding atop man's neck as they jaunt through a busy area in tandem.	1
Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	a girl is carrying her dad	0
Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	The man and girl are outside together.	1
Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	Youngster with mask on daddy's back as they travel through a lonely village.	0
Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	The little girl is is running behind the man.	0
Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	The man and girl are outside walking on the street.	1
Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	The girl is wearing a mask while runs around the crowded street.	0
Little girl wearing a mask sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	Little girl wearing a giraffe sitting on man's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.	0
A man puts a little girl atop his shoulders while walking down a busy street.	A man walks down a street.	1
A man puts a little girl atop his shoulders while walking down a busy street.	A man is carrying his son.	0
A girl wearing a mask rides on a man's shoulders through a crowded sidewalk.	The girl is wearing sunglasses and riding a scooter.	0
A girl wearing a mask rides on a man's shoulders through a crowded sidewalk.	The girl is wearing a mask.	1
a man on a suit walking down a very colorful street	There is a man is sitting in a restaurant.	0
a man on a suit walking down a very colorful street	A man is walking down the street.	1
Several construction workers are looking at an escalator	Construction workers walk down the stairs.	0
Several construction workers are looking at an escalator	Workers look at an escalator.	1
A crew in orange vests and hard hats stands near the top of an escalator.	A group of people are working.	1
A crew in orange vests and hard hats stands near the top of an escalator.	Construction workers are driving a truck.	0
Builders wearing orange vests, white hard hats, and black coats stand near the top of an escalator, viewed through an office window.	The workers are in the building.	1
Builders wearing orange vests, white hard hats, and black coats stand near the top of an escalator, viewed through an office window.	They are ready to clock out for the day.	0
A girl in a pink shirt and jeans standing on a chair in a restaurant.	A girl is sitting in a chair at a restaurant.	0
A girl in a pink shirt and jeans standing on a chair in a restaurant.	A girl is standing on a chair.	1
A woman in a pink shirt is making orange juice in a restaurant.	the woman is asleep at home	0
A woman in a pink shirt is making orange juice in a restaurant.	a woman make juice	1
A small girl standing on a chair in a restaurant fiddles with a large machine.	There is at least one large machine in the restaurant.	1
A small girl standing on a chair in a restaurant fiddles with a large machine.	A little girl is sleeping on the floor of her bedroom.	0
A girl in a pink shirt is standing on a chair and inspecting a drink machine.	A girl is inspecting a machine.	1
A girl in a pink shirt is standing on a chair and inspecting a drink machine.	A girl is laying on the floor.	0
A guy with sunglasses and a backpack pointing towards the sky.	A guy with sunglasses and a backpack pointing.	1
A guy with sunglasses and a backpack pointing towards the sky.	the guy is looking downwards  and pointing at his backpack on the floor.	0
A man smiling for the camera standing in a parking lot.	A man riding in the horse.	0
A man smiling for the camera standing in a parking lot.	There is a man in the outdoor.	1
A man wearing a green shirt stands in a parking lot and points his finger.	A man driving his car out of the parking lot.	0
A man wearing a green shirt stands in a parking lot and points his finger.	A man pointing something out.	1
A male in a green jacket points an imaginary shotgun at the sky.	A lifeform in a green jacket pointing an imaginary gun at the sky.	1
A male in a green jacket points an imaginary shotgun at the sky.	A woman in a green jacket pointing an imaginary gun at the sky.	0
A man sitting in a chair at the library holding a little boy with a red shirt reading a book.	The man in the chair held the boy.	1
A man sitting in a chair at the library holding a little boy with a red shirt reading a book.	The woman stood holding her daughter.	0
Kid holding a golf ball in the air in a parking lot.	A kid holds a golf ball.	1
Kid holding a golf ball in the air in a parking lot.	A kid is holding a bowling ball.	0
One man is jumping into the water, while the other is watching.	Two men are by the water	1
One man is jumping into the water, while the other is watching.	Two girls are jumping in the water	0
A woman in the bathroom in her pajamas	the woman is naked	0
A woman in the bathroom in her pajamas	a woman in a bathroom	1
A man is jumping into an inflatable tube in a large body of water that also has boats, a ramp and a person in it.	A man water skis while a lot of people watch him.	0
A man is jumping into an inflatable tube in a large body of water that also has boats, a ramp and a person in it.	A man jumps into a tube.	1
A man jumps toward a floating device in a lake as another man watches.	There is no water around.	0
A man jumps toward a floating device in a lake as another man watches.	There is water.	1
A lady is preparing some medicine to take.	The lady is getting the medicine ready.	1
A lady is preparing some medicine to take.	The lady is preparing a cake.	0
A black person in a home bathroom with a syringe.	The woman is getting dinner in the drive through.	0
A black person in a home bathroom with a syringe.	A man is inside a home.	1
A woman in a bathroom using a syringe.	A woman has a needle.	1
A woman in a bathroom using a syringe.	A man is in the hospital.	0
A nurse holding a needle in a hospital.	A nurse is returning home from work.	0
A nurse holding a needle in a hospital.	A nurse is indoors.	1
An older man stands over two youths at the corner of an unusual building.	A man standing outside near kids.	1
An older man stands over two youths at the corner of an unusual building.	Two men sleeping outside.	0
A woman with a blue suitcase waits on the curb.	A man is waiting with no luggage on the curb	0
A woman with a blue suitcase waits on the curb.	A woman is waiting by the curb.	1
A woman with luggage is standing on the side of a street.	A woman is waiting outside	1
A woman with luggage is standing on the side of a street.	A woman is at the airport	0
An older woman waiting at the bus stop with her bags.	A woman is carrying bags.	1
An older woman waiting at the bus stop with her bags.	A woman is driving a bus.	0
A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman has luggage above her head.	0
A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman is standing on the sidewalk.	1
A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman has lost her luggage.	0
A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman is lying in the middle of the street.	0
A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman is outside with bags.	1
A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	The woman is eating a sandwich on the planet Venus.	0
A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman is wither her luggage.	1
A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	The woman is outdoors.	1
A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman is standing on a walkway.	1
A woman on a sidewalk with luggage.	A woman is seated at her dining room table drinking beer.	0
Two men, one wearing glasses, with a silver mixing bowl and rice milk.	The man has a mixing bowl and milk.	1
Two men, one wearing glasses, with a silver mixing bowl and rice milk.	The woman is in the shopping mall.	0
A boy in a cowboy outfit pets a longhorn.	A little boy dressed as a cowboy for halloween rides a mechanical bull	0
A boy in a cowboy outfit pets a longhorn.	The longhorn cow gets petted by a young cowboy.	1
A man reading a book to his son in a library.	A man is with his son.	1
A man reading a book to his son in a library.	A man is singing.	0
A woman working in a bakery is showing the camera the bread they sell.	A woman displays the goods for sale in the bakery.	1
A woman working in a bakery is showing the camera the bread they sell.	A man yells at a another who cut him off.	0
Five children are sitting on a sidewalk in front of a glassed in building, with one child holding a bag of items the other children appear to be interested in.	The children are all on the sidewalk in front of the building and one has a bag.	1
Five children are sitting on a sidewalk in front of a glassed in building, with one child holding a bag of items the other children appear to be interested in.	The kids are all huddling together in the last moments before the apcolypse.	0
A person holding a red cup sitting next to a woman wearing a black shirt.	A woman is sitting by someone with a cup.	1
A person holding a red cup sitting next to a woman wearing a black shirt.	A person is holding nothing and sitting next to a woman wearing a black shirt.	0
A man and a woman sit on a picnic blanket on a field a green grass.	The man and woman are outside.	1
A man and a woman sit on a picnic blanket on a field a green grass.	The couple are playing basketball inside the YMCA.	0
A woman with a blue sweater over a red shirt sits on a blanket with a man holding a red cup in front of his face.	A woman and a man are sitting on top of a blanket.	1
A woman with a blue sweater over a red shirt sits on a blanket with a man holding a red cup in front of his face.	Two babies are playing on a rug.	0
Two people are sitting on the ground and one is holding a red plastic cup.	Two people are eating dinner.	0
Two people are sitting on the ground and one is holding a red plastic cup.	Two people are sitting down.	1
Friends enjoying a beautiful day on campus.	Friends are standing outside in the rain.	0
Friends enjoying a beautiful day on campus.	People are outside at a university on a sunny day.	1
A man sitting at his desk in front of a computer	There is a computer in front of a sitting man.	1
A man sitting at his desk in front of a computer	A man sits at his friend's desk in front of a computer.	0
A woman is walking her bike past a group of people.	A woman is walking her bike.	1
A woman is walking her bike past a group of people.	A woman is eating	0
A shirtless man playing tennis in an fenced-in area.	the man has a shirt on	0
A shirtless man playing tennis in an fenced-in area.	the man has no shirt	1
A dirty man with a beard is chiseling Hebrew characters into stone.	A man is playing with clay	0
A dirty man with a beard is chiseling Hebrew characters into stone.	A man is writing letters in a rock	1
a boy sharing his food with his brother and sisters	A child sharing their food with their siblings.	1
a boy sharing his food with his brother and sisters	Woman cooking hamburgers.	0
A man sitting in a green chair in front of a large window looking out onto a cityscape.	A man has fallen asleep in his chair.	0
A man sitting in a green chair in front of a large window looking out onto a cityscape.	A man is looking out a large window.	1
A man with a laptop is sitting near a window with a view of a city below.	The man is alseep in his room.	0
A man with a laptop is sitting near a window with a view of a city below.	While looking at the city below through the window, a man has his laptop with him.	1
A man uses his laptop while sitting in front of his window.	A man is working on his computer outside.	1
He is at work overlooking the busy streets below.	The man comtemplates jumping.	0
He is at work overlooking the busy streets below.	The man overlooks the streets below.	1
Two young males weaving fishing nets.	The two men are cooking dinner	0
Two young males weaving fishing nets.	Two males are making nets	1
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.	The young boy is sitting in the cool grass, enjoying a popsicle.	0
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.	There is a boy in this picture, and he is outside.	1
Many people are riding bicycles through a downtown area.	The downtown are is crowded with people and bicycles.	1
Many people are riding bicycles through a downtown area.	There downtown area was empty of people.	0
A group of people running a bicycle race past a red building.	Only one person races by a building	0
A group of people running a bicycle race past a red building.	A bunch of people run past a building	1
Dozens of bicyclists are crossing the street.	The cyclists are outdoors.	1
Dozens of bicyclists are crossing the street.	The cyclists are on rollerskates.	0
A large group of cyclists ride down a city street.	The cyclists drive their cars down the road.	0
A large group of cyclists ride down a city street.	People are riding bikes outside.	1
A man in a brown coat and green tie walks on a street.	The man is asleep.	0
A man in a brown coat and green tie walks on a street.	A man has on clothes.	1
Older man in a suit, tie, and overcoat, walks through the street.	A man walks down the street naked.	0
Older man in a suit, tie, and overcoat, walks through the street.	A man in a suit walks to work.	1
A man in a blue jacket sweeps the ground.	A man with no shirt swept the ground.	0
A man in a blue jacket sweeps the ground.	There is a man outside.	1
Four scuba divers with red and black fins standing on a wooden surface next to the water.	The divers are near the water.	1
Four scuba divers with red and black fins standing on a wooden surface next to the water.	The divers are sitting in a classroom.	0
There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	A group of men in scuba gear are preparing to go into the water.	1
There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	People are outside.	1
There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	A group of 7 dogs are standing together at the waters edge.	0
There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	The four individuals will get wet.	1
There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	People are at home.	0
There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	There are four people standing near the waters edge.	1
There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	4 individuals are digging in the sand.	0
There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	The four individuals are ready to sacrifice themselves to Triton, the god of the sea.	0
There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	A group of individuals are standing outdoors.	1
There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.	Four people are eating at a restaraunt.	0
Sunglasses wearing young white boy is standing in a field of white flowers and holding a soccer ball.	There is a boy standing in the sunshine.	1
Sunglasses wearing young white boy is standing in a field of white flowers and holding a soccer ball.	A boy is playing soccer indoors.	0
Sunglasses wearing young white boy is standing in a field of white flowers and holding a soccer ball.	There is a male Caucasian child among plants.	1
Sunglasses wearing young white boy is standing in a field of white flowers and holding a soccer ball.	A boy is sleeping.	0
Sunglasses wearing young white boy is standing in a field of white flowers and holding a soccer ball.	A boy is wearing sunglasses.	1
A boy and a girl are walking in a mall.	A girl and a boy walking inside	0
A boy and a girl are walking in a mall.	A man walking a dog outside	0
A boy and a girl are walking in a mall.	A boy and a girl walking inside a shopping center	1
A couple walks past lanterns and people eating at a restaurant.	People are eating at a restaurant.	1
A couple walks past lanterns and people eating at a restaurant.	There are no people in the restaurant.	0
A couple walks through an Asian restaurant.	A couple makes their way through a restaurant.	1
A couple walks through an Asian restaurant.	A man plays the harp for a crowd.	0
A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	A man and girl sit on a bench.	0
A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	girl follows stranger to his house	0
A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	A man and a girl are outside.	1
A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	The girl is wearing a dress.	0
A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	A man and a girl are running.	0
A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	man and girl walk down crowded street	1
A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	The streets are empty.	0
A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	A man is walking in front of a girl.	1
A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	Two people are walking down the street.	1
A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.	A man and girl on a crowded street.	1
A man and woman are walking in a restaurant that has signs in Chinese.	A man and a woman are walking through a Chinese restaurant.	1
A man and woman are walking in a restaurant that has signs in Chinese.	Two little girls are eating Mexican food.	0
A man in blue browses a book as he works his stand.	The man is wearing red.	0
A man in blue browses a book as he works his stand.	The man is working at his own stand.	1
A baker is showing off her bread.	The baker makes bread.	1
A baker is showing off her bread.	The baker is running a marathon.	0
A man helping a boy ride a bicycle.	A man is assisting a child.	1
A man helping a boy ride a bicycle.	A woman is helping her son.	0
An African woman dressed in earth tone clothing holds up one of her crutches as other apparently disabled adults look on from behind her.	An African woman is swimming	0
An African woman dressed in earth tone clothing holds up one of her crutches as other apparently disabled adults look on from behind her.	An African woman is on crutches	1
A yellow car is driving away from the water.	A truck is at a gas station	0
A yellow car is driving away from the water.	A car is on the move	1
A man is showing a little boy how to ride a blue bicycle.	The boy is sleeping.	0
A man is showing a little boy how to ride a blue bicycle.	A man is showing a boy something	1
A teenage boy hits a tennis ball with a racket.	The boy is sleeping at home.	0
A teenage boy hits a tennis ball with a racket.	The teenage boy is swinging a racket.	1
A yellow race car is driving on a track in front of a group of people.	A group of people watches a yellow plane in an air show	0
A yellow race car is driving on a track in front of a group of people.	A group of people watch a yellow race car drive on the track	1
A boy plays tennis.	A boy is playing a sport.	1
A boy plays tennis.	A boy is playing with a turkey.	0
Six women wearing long black robes and head covering walk through an elegant building.	six women in robes pass through an elegant building	1
Six women wearing long black robes and head covering walk through an elegant building.	the women are in a seedy motel, wearing hardly any clothes	0
A yellow race car in a curve, with smoke behind it.	Someone is driving a yellow car.	1
A yellow race car in a curve, with smoke behind it.	The car is orange.	0
A boy in a tank top skateboarding.	Skateboarder in a muscle shirt	1
A boy in a tank top skateboarding.	Girl is on a bike.	0
A gymnast wearing white is holding her head.	She is hungry for food and is eating dinner	0
A gymnast wearing white is holding her head.	A person is holding her head	1
Women with head coverings walking through a outdoor market	The women are visiting the street vendors.	1
Women with head coverings walking through a outdoor market	Women shopping at an indoor mall.	0
A gymnast in a competition is looking on with a questioning look on her face.	A competitor in a competition is looking at something.	1
A gymnast in a competition is looking on with a questioning look on her face.	A person is reading a book on the beach.	0
a young man skateboarding on a street wearing a black and white striped shirt	A young man is wearing a pink dress.	0
a young man skateboarding on a street wearing a black and white striped shirt	Someone is skateboarding.	1
A boy skateboards down the street.	A boy rides his skateboard.	1
A boy skateboards down the street.	A boy rides his bike to the store.	0
A kid in a striped tank top skateboards down the street	A kid is cycling by himself.	0
A kid in a striped tank top skateboards down the street	A kid is on the street.	1
A young boy on a blue bicycle and a man bent over making adjustments to the bicycle.	The boy and man are working on a car.	0
A young boy on a blue bicycle and a man bent over making adjustments to the bicycle.	The people are fooling with bicycles.	1
Several individuals are in pool surrounded by fog.	There are people in the water.	1
Several individuals are in pool surrounded by fog.	It is a clear day to go swimming.	0
Three people in a pool making faces at the person taking their picture.	People making faces in the pool.	1
Three people in a pool making faces at the person taking their picture.	Three people sitting in the sun.	0
A four men (one wearing blue swim goggles) and one woman swimming when it is extremely mist with a building in the background	A four men (one wearing blue swim goggles) and one woman not swimming	0
A four men (one wearing blue swim goggles) and one woman swimming when it is extremely mist with a building in the background	A four men (one wearing blue swim goggles) and one woman swimming	1
Some people are swimming in water; one has goggles on.	Some people are swimming.	1
Some people are swimming in water; one has goggles on.	No one is wearing goggles.	0
A barber stares into the camera and shows the inside of his shop.	The barber is not looking into the camera.	0
A barber stares into the camera and shows the inside of his shop.	The barber is looking at the camera.	1
A young girl is climbing a fake rock-wall	There is a girl watching others climb	0
A young girl is climbing a fake rock-wall	There is a girl climbing	1
An old man sits in a folding chair within a white doorway.	A man sits in a chair.	1
An old man sits in a folding chair within a white doorway.	A man sleeps on the sofa.	0
crowd of people walking down on old town street lined with shops.	A rcowd of people are outdoors.	1
crowd of people walking down on old town street lined with shops.	A crown of people are inside	0
A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	the man was talking	1
A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	A man is sitting behind a desk, surrounded by radio equipment, and is speaking into a microphone.	1
A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	The man isn't in a suit and there is no radio equipment nearby.	0
A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	The man speaks clearly.	1
A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	A radio announcer, wearing a suit, speaks into his microphone on air.	1
A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	The man is sleeping on his desk.	0
A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	An executive wanders into a radio station and attempts to play with the radio equipment.	0
A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	A man sits at a desk while wearing a suit and talking into a microphone.	1
A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	the man was jumping off a train	0
A man in a suit, sitting behind a desk covered with radio paraphernalia, speaks into a microphone.	A man is watching football on the couch.	0
A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	The man in the picture has never seen anything that runs on electricity.	0
A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man is using a microphone.	1
A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man records his speech.	1
A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man has nothing in his hands	0
A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man next to recording equipment.	1
A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man is making noise	1
A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man singing in the shower.	0
A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	Someone in the photo is trying to transmit, record, or project his voice.	1
A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A man plays guitar in a studio	0
A man is speaking into a microphone with a variety of recording equipment in front of him.	A woman is using a computer.	0
A man in a suit is sitting at a desk and talking into a microphone.	A man is sleeping.	0
A man in a suit is sitting at a desk and talking into a microphone.	A man is sitting.	1
The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	A man has a radio show.	1
The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	The man in the dark suit is taking a nap.	0
The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	The business man is wearing a neon colored suit.	0
The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	a man does a show	1
The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	the man is at home cooking	0
The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	The man is talking on the radio.	1
The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	A business man is on air of the radio show.	1
The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	A man is hosting a celebrity on his TV show.	0
The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	The man is on TV.	0
The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.	The man is on the radio.	1
Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A formally-dressed business professional is talking into a microphone.	1
Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A businessman is having drinks with friends.	0
Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A man whispers to himself.	0
Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A man is speaking publicly.	1
Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A man uses a microphone.	1
Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	the man is using technology	1
Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	the man is yelling into a megaphone at a football game.	0
Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A man in a business suit is talking into a mic.	1
Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A man watches a game of football with a large crowd of people.	0
Man in business attire speaks into a microphone.	A homeless man is talking incoherently to himself.	0
The dog and her puppies lay on a blanket.	Dog is sleeping	1
The dog and her puppies lay on a blanket.	Dog eating some snacks	0
Golden female dog feeding newborn litter of puppies.	Dog feeding her puppies.	1
Golden female dog feeding newborn litter of puppies.	Cats drinking milk.	0
The momma dog is feeding her litter of pups.	A momma dog is riding a skateboard	0
The momma dog is feeding her litter of pups.	A litter of pups are eating	1
A white dog nurses her pups.	A white dog has no puppies.	0
A white dog nurses her pups.	A white dog has puppies.	1
Biker with helmet riding red dirt bike in the woods.	The biker is riding outside.	1
Biker with helmet riding red dirt bike in the woods.	The man is walking slowly alongside his bike.	0
A boy and his father go walking in cowboy clothing.	A man is riding his horse.	0
A boy and his father go walking in cowboy clothing.	Two people are dressed like cowboys.	1
A young boy wearing a blue shirt blows bubbles.	A girl blowing bubbles.	0
A young boy wearing a blue shirt blows bubbles.	A boy blowing bubbles.	1
A man and a little boy in cowboy hats hold hands walking across the street.	a man and boy are riding a roller coaster	0
A man and a little boy in cowboy hats hold hands walking across the street.	a man and boy hold hands to cross the street	1
A father and son wearing suspenders and cowboy hats.	Nobody has suspenders	0
A father and son wearing suspenders and cowboy hats.	A human in suspenders	1
Well i think there amish but there carrying maybe a cellphone or walkie talkie.	A woman throwing a cellphone to the ground.	0
Well i think there amish but there carrying maybe a cellphone or walkie talkie.	Humans carrying technology.	1
A large man and small boy wearing cowboy hats and suspenders are holding hands.	Two people hold hands.	1
A large man and small boy wearing cowboy hats and suspenders are holding hands.	Two kids wrestle a goat.	0
A woman in a swimsuit sitting on a bench with a dog.	A woman walking a dog on the beach.	0
A woman in a swimsuit sitting on a bench with a dog.	A woman and dog on the beach.	1
A woman and a dog sit on a white bench near a beach.	The woman is running.	0
A woman and a dog sit on a white bench near a beach.	The woman is outside sitting down.	1
A woman and a dog sit on a bench in front of a beach.	The woman is running a marathon.	0
A woman and a dog sit on a bench in front of a beach.	A woman is on a bench.	1
A woman with a dog sitting on a bench near the ocean.	The female is cat sitting with the dog on a bench near the ocean.	0
A woman with a dog sitting on a bench near the ocean.	There is a female baby sitting a dog while on a bench near the ocean.	1
white bench looking out onto the ocean with dog.	Nobody is looking out.	0
white bench looking out onto the ocean with dog.	A human looking out.	1
A man spray paints graffiti art on the size of a concrete wall.	A man is cleaning a wall.	0
A man spray paints graffiti art on the size of a concrete wall.	A person is painting.	1
The young man has just crossed a rickety footbridge.	The man is less than fifty years old.	1
A man in a deep blue shirt is touching up on his graffiti art spray painted on a dark gray public wall.	A person is holding a spray can next to a wall.	1
A man in a deep blue shirt is touching up on his graffiti art spray painted on a dark gray public wall.	A man in a red shirt is taking pictures of a grey wall.	0
A young man in a red and gray shirt and blue jeans is walking outside with a cellphone in his hand.	A person is using his cell phone.	1
A young man in a red and gray shirt and blue jeans is walking outside with a cellphone in his hand.	A woman sits next to a car.	0
young girl and man standing in front of water fountain.	A woman and her son standing in line at the fountain.	0
young girl and man standing in front of water fountain.	Two people are by the fountain.	1
A bald man in a blue shirt spray paints graffiti on a wall	A bald man has a blue shirt.	1
A bald man in a blue shirt spray paints graffiti on a wall	The man has a orange shirt.	0
A light green sign on the stairs that says "STAI GUARDANO GRATIS IL PAVITMENTO"	There is a sign on a street.	0
A light green sign on the stairs that says "STAI GUARDANO GRATIS IL PAVITMENTO"	There is a sign on some stairs.	1
A girl and a lady both looking through a microscope.	A girl and lady are looking through a microscope.	1
A girl and a lady both looking through a microscope.	A girl and lady and playing in the park.	0
Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Two young women look.	1
Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Three old men are observing the moon through telescopes.	0
Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Two researchers didn't see anything in their microscopes.	0
Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Two old women look.	0
Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Two researchers have found something in their microscopes.	1
Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Two women are eating at a buffet	0
Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	The women are using telescopes.	1
Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	The man and woman are in an intense argument.	0
Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	Two women are using individual microscopes	1
Two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.	A couple of young woman are observing something through microscopes.	1
A group of various kinds of people wear black hats and skirts that appear to be based off of casino games.	A group of people are dressed up in in black clothes and skirts.	1
A group of various kinds of people wear black hats and skirts that appear to be based off of casino games.	A group of people are all wearing swimming attire.	0
A boy looking at a chopped log.	A boy looking at a log.	1
A boy looking at a chopped log.	A boy looking at a chopped frog.	0
A woman is dressed up like playing cards for some type of parade.	Someone is dressed up for a festivity.	1
A woman is dressed up like playing cards for some type of parade.	A woman is dressed up like a duck.	0
Two girls looking in microscopes.	the two girls are listening to music while in science class instead of doing their homework	0
Two girls looking in microscopes.	two girls are looking in microscopes	1
girl in green shirt and pink skirt sitting next to girl wearing tiger costume	2 girls are sitting next to another girl wearing a costume	1
girl in green shirt and pink skirt sitting next to girl wearing tiger costume	3 girls are playing catch	0
There are lots of colorful foods that this women seems to be selling.	a woman is selling children as slaves	0
There are lots of colorful foods that this women seems to be selling.	a woman is selling a variety of food	1
One brown dogs snarls at the other dog while they both are in the snow.	One dog snarls at another in the snow.	1
One brown dogs snarls at the other dog while they both are in the snow.	One dog barks at another on the beach during a summer day.	0
Where are these people going?	People are going somewhere.	1
Where are these people going?	A dog and a cat are fighting.	0
A young woman walks down the sidewalk smoking a cigarette.	A woman is sitting on a bench.	0
A young woman walks down the sidewalk smoking a cigarette.	A woman is on the sidewalk.	1
Four clowns, two male and two female, are walking down the street and waving.	4 people walking outside	1
Four clowns, two male and two female, are walking down the street and waving.	The street is empty	0
Two straight men share a hug.	two people touch one another.	1
Two straight men share a hug.	two guys share a kiss.	0
Clowns walking down the street, seemingly in a parade, with a Porta Potty in the background.	Nobody is walking	0
Clowns walking down the street, seemingly in a parade, with a Porta Potty in the background.	Humans walking	1
Three clowns adorned in bright, festive clothing are parading down an urban street.	Three clowns are at a parade.	1
Three clowns adorned in bright, festive clothing are parading down an urban street.	Three clowns wearing drab colors are watching a parade.	0
A white man hugging a black man possibly giving condolences.	The men are hugging.	1
A white man hugging a black man possibly giving condolences.	The men are both white.	0
Three people dressed as clowns are walking down a busy highway.	Three clowns are sleeping on the highway.	0
Three people dressed as clowns are walking down a busy highway.	There are people on the highway.	1
Two men greet each other with a hug.	Two men are fighting	0
Two men greet each other with a hug.	Two men see each other	1
Two chinese men looking at papers on a table.	Some people are looking at papers.	1
Two chinese men looking at papers on a table.	Two chinese men playing ping pong.	0
A man standing on the sidewalk by a fence in the snow while smiling and holding a shovel.	The man is standing on a train track.	0
A man standing on the sidewalk by a fence in the snow while smiling and holding a shovel.	The man is holding a landscaping tool.	1
A furry brown squirrel eats a acorn while in a tree on a fall day.	There is a squirrel running along a power line.	0
A furry brown squirrel eats a acorn while in a tree on a fall day.	There is a squirrel eating an acorn.	1
A family of 7 poses in the snow	A family are swimming the ocean.	0
A family of 7 poses in the snow	A family is posing.	1
two young children playing in front of a couch	There are two kids having fun.	1
two young children playing in front of a couch	There are no children around.	0
Upward view of squirrel perched on a branch with leaves in the background.	This is a view from below of a squirrel on a branch.	1
Upward view of squirrel perched on a branch with leaves in the background.	The chipmunk in the tree is eating an apple.	0
A squirrel with a fluffy tail sits on a tree branch among yellow leaves.	The squirrel sits on a branch.	1
A squirrel with a fluffy tail sits on a tree branch among yellow leaves.	The bird sits on the tree branch.	0
A red squirrel on a tree branch with yellow leaves in the background.	The squirrel is on a tree.	1
A red squirrel on a tree branch with yellow leaves in the background.	The squirrel is on the ground.	0
A brown squirrel sitting on a branch with an acorn during the fall.	Squirrel having a snack.	1
A brown squirrel sitting on a branch with an acorn during the fall.	Woodpecker making a new home in an oak tree.	0
The basketball player in white holds the ball.	The man is holding a hockey stick.	0
The basketball player in white holds the ball.	The man is playing basketball.	1
Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	The elderly people are over the age of 18 years old.	1
Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two elderly people talking while they eat.	1
Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Jupiter seen through a telescope.	0
Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two older people are sitting by the rock formation.	1
Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two kids eat and talk.	0
Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	The people are sitting in the church listening to the sermon on the moon.	0
Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two elderly people are wearing white shirts.	0
Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two elderly people are wearing blue shirts.	1
Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	The older people are sitting in the cafe.	0
Two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.	Two old people talk and eat.	1
three men are playing a game of basketball	Three men play basketball.	1
three men are playing a game of basketball	A girl plays with her Barbie.	0
Two older ladies wearing blue eat a snack on a bench.	Two women are throwing the frisbee back and forth.	0
Two older ladies wearing blue eat a snack on a bench.	There are women sitting down.	1
Two people eat and converse outdoors.	The individuals outside are sleeping.	0
Two people eat and converse outdoors.	There are individuals eating outside.	1
Two girls looking down at something, one is smiling.	Two girls are smiling at something.	1
Two girls looking down at something, one is smiling.	Two girls run screaming away from a snake.	0
Two kids with bear customs are seating on the sidewalk.	Two men with bunny costumes stand on the sidewalk.	0
Two kids with bear customs are seating on the sidewalk.	Kids wear bear costumes are on the sidewalk.	1
A boy dressed up as Winnie The Pooh playing with a kite.	The boy is taking a bath.	0
A boy dressed up as Winnie The Pooh playing with a kite.	The boy is holding the kite.	1
Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	At least one of these individuals is in a costume.	1
Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	the boys are sitting	1
Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	They are walking around at night.	0
Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	A couple young boys with cartoon costumes sit outside	1
Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	The young boys are outside during the daytime.	1
Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	The two boys are wearing costumes.	1
Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	the boys are sitting insided at night	0
Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	It is night time in this picture.	0
Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	The boys are wearing church clothes.	0
Two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing Winnie the Pooh and animal costumes.	boys playing video games	0
A child in a Winnie-the-Pooh costume plays with a bunch of ribbons while another costumed child looks on.	there is a child making cookies at a camp	0
A child in a Winnie-the-Pooh costume plays with a bunch of ribbons while another costumed child looks on.	the ribbons are being played with	1
A man in a white shirt stands next to a metal cart with bamboo nearby.	a man outdoors	1
A man in a white shirt stands next to a metal cart with bamboo nearby.	a fireman fighting a fire	0
A large gray statue in front of a big building.	A statue is  front of the building.	1
A large gray statue in front of a big building.	The people wait at the bus stop.	0
A Large statue in the middle of a park and in front of a large, historic building.	The park is next to a federal building.	0
A Large statue in the middle of a park and in front of a large, historic building.	A large statue is in the park.	1
Two kids in costumes sit on a concrete barrier.	Two kids are wearing costumes and sitting.	1
Two kids in costumes sit on a concrete barrier.	Two kids are sitting in the bath tub wearing swim suits.	0
A young black man wearing a thick brown coat and a ear plugs strikes a pose behind a blue rail.	The man is having his picture taken.	1
A young black man wearing a thick brown coat and a ear plugs strikes a pose behind a blue rail.	The man is wearing a swimsuit.	0
A young man with a pink comb in his hand and headphones on poses for the camera.	Man has a white comb	0
A young man with a pink comb in his hand and headphones on poses for the camera.	Man taking photos	1
People looking at street vendors clothes.	The vendors are not selling anything.	0
People looking at street vendors clothes.	The vendors are selling things.	1
A person in a red vest walks past a shuttered entrance way with a Fanta ad in the background and the word' sex' spray printed on some sheet metal fencing in the foreground.	A person in red walks past the entrance	1
A person in a red vest walks past a shuttered entrance way with a Fanta ad in the background and the word' sex' spray printed on some sheet metal fencing in the foreground.	A person in blue walks into a door.	0
A young black boy is playing tennis.	A young boy is playing tennis.	1
A young black boy is playing tennis.	An old white guy is farting.	0
The boy is doing a trick on a rail next to an overpass.	A boy is inside doing his homework.	0
The boy is doing a trick on a rail next to an overpass.	The boy is outside doing a trick near the train tracks.	0
A boy with a striped shirt reads a book in the grass.	A shirtless boy is napping in the grass.	0
A boy with a striped shirt reads a book in the grass.	A boy is reading.	1
A few people looking up at statues outside a big marble building.	A pack of lions is hunting tuna.	0
A few people looking up at statues outside a big marble building.	People are looking at statues.	1
A woman, standing in front of a statue is taking a picture in a different direction.	the woman is taking a picture of the statue	0
A woman, standing in front of a statue is taking a picture in a different direction.	the woman is taking a picture not of the statue	1
A formally dressed man takes pictures of architecture in front of a dramatic row of statues.	The man is at the beach surfing.	0
A formally dressed man takes pictures of architecture in front of a dramatic row of statues.	The man is utilizing his camera to record photos.	1
A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	A person wearing a long brown coat is giving his camera to two other people.	0
A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	A person wearing a long brown coat is standing next to two other people while he takes a picture of a building.	1
A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	two men pose in a garage	0
A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	There's a man taking photos of a structure	1
A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	Three people in an argument	0
A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	Nobody has a coat	0
A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	A person in a coat	1
A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	A person in their underwear taking pictures of his surroundings.	0
A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	someone in a long coat shoots a building along with two others	1
A person wearing a long brown coat is taking a picture of a building while two other people stand by.	Three people are standing in front of a building while one of them takes a picture.	1
A woman standing next to two people is pointing to the sky.	The woman is standing up.	1
A woman standing next to two people is pointing to the sky.	The woman is sitting on the ground.	0
A group of young people put their hands to the air in a live concert.	A group of people are eating at a concert.	0
A group of young people put their hands to the air in a live concert.	A group of people are enjoying a concert.	1
A guy is doing a skateboard trick over stairs.	A guy is skateboarding on the street.	0
A guy is doing a skateboard trick over stairs.	A guy is skateboarding.	1
girl in pink shirt posing in the garden.	There is a girl in a green shirt.	0
girl in pink shirt posing in the garden.	The girl is outside.	1
A skateboarder flips his board over some steps in a plaza.	A skateboarder performs a trick.	1
A skateboarder flips his board over some steps in a plaza.	A skateboarder walks across the plaza with his board in hand.	0
A younger man where black clothes is doing a trick on his skateboard off of steps.	Man is skating.	1
A younger man where black clothes is doing a trick on his skateboard off of steps.	A man is skateboarding.	1
Man in a blue baseball cap, gray shirt and jeans does a skateboard trick over some stairs.	The man is walking down the stairs.	0
Man in a blue baseball cap, gray shirt and jeans does a skateboard trick over some stairs.	The man is riding on a skateboard.	1
Couples and singles dancing with numbers attached to them.	People eating marshmallows.	0
Thin man in suit standing at a podium in a banquet room.	A thin man in banquet room is wearing a suit and standing at a podium.	1
Thin man in suit standing at a podium in a banquet room.	A woman is eating a huge slice of cake.	0
Small girl getting her face painted.	A small girl washing her face.	0
Small girl getting her face painted.	A small girl with paint on her face.	1
A man in a suit looking down at a podium in a dinning restaurant.	A business man, approached the podium, was about to give a speech.	1
A man in a suit looking down at a podium in a dinning restaurant.	Went to dinner at a restaurant the other day.	0
A man in a suit is about to give a speech at the podium.	There is a man on stage.	1
A man in a suit is about to give a speech at the podium.	The man is in his office on the phone.	0
A man in a suit and with a name tag and red tie stands in a dining area.	A young lady serving food.	0
A man in a suit and with a name tag and red tie stands in a dining area.	A person standing in a dining area.	1
A thin middle-aged man stands behind a podium in an empty banquet room.	A man is playing the violin.	0
A thin middle-aged man stands behind a podium in an empty banquet room.	A skinny man is alone in a room.	1
Two small girls are looking at seaweed that has washed up onto the shore.	The small girls are at the beach.	1
Two girls squatting with their backs turned on a beach, examining something that they have found.	Two girls on a beach are looking at tomatoes.	0
Two girls squatting with their backs turned on a beach, examining something that they have found.	Two girls on a beach are looking at something.	1
Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	Two girls pick up seashells on the beach.	1
Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	Two girls are eating some cheese.	0
Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	two girls are on the beach.	1
Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	The girls are looking for fish.	0
Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	two girls on the beach	1
Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	Two men walk down the beach with their dog running ahead of them	0
Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	Girls are inspecting some seashells.	1
Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	There are two persons on the beach	1
Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	two cats chase a rabbit	0
Two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.	Two girls are playing in the waves of the ocean.	0
There is a dance floor filled with people dancing.	A crowd marches together.	0
There is a dance floor filled with people dancing.	People dance across the floor.	1
Two young girls are playing on the beach.	The girls are playing on a park bench.	0
Two young girls are playing on the beach.	There's two people on a beach.	1
A man poses outside of some buildings.	A man is laying on a table at a doctors office.	0
A man poses outside of some buildings.	A man is outside.	1
Two young boys dressed in formal clothes fight while sitting on a red carpeted step.	The boys are dressed in casual clothes.	0
Two young boys dressed in formal clothes fight while sitting on a red carpeted step.	The boys are fighting.	1
A man with sunglasses on his head is standing by signs for the Wharf and ferry terminal.	A guy and his pets are waiting by the terminal.	0
A man with sunglasses on his head is standing by signs for the Wharf and ferry terminal.	A man with is waiting for a car.	0
A man with sunglasses on his head poses for a picture near the wharf.	Man taking a photo	1
A man with sunglasses on his head poses for a picture near the wharf.	Man riding a bike	0
A man is walking in the street with sunglasses on top of his head.	A man is in the movie theatre wearing sunglasses.	0
A man is walking in the street with sunglasses on top of his head.	A man is walking outside with a pair of sunglasses on his body.	1
A man stands next to signs for the wharfs.	A man is tearing down signs and burning them.	0
A man stands next to signs for the wharfs.	A man is standing next to a sign.	1
A group of people sit outside playing cards.	A group is having poker night in the garage	0
A group of people sit outside playing cards.	A group is playing cards outside on a nice day	1
Family members playing cards in their backyard	An elderly man is walking in the rain.	0
Family members playing cards in their backyard	A group of people are outside.	1
Five people sitting outside playing a game of cards.	The five people are playing tug-of-war in the muddy field.	0
Five people sitting outside playing a game of cards.	There are five people in this picture, all of them outside.	1
Five people are sitting around a table, outside, playing a card game.	They hold their cards as they play	1
Five people are sitting around a table, outside, playing a card game.	These three eat the table	0
Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	The adults are swimming in the backyard pool.	0
Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	Call of duty being played by college friends.	0
Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	The adults are near a table.	1
Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	All five are at the slot machines in the casino.	0
Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	The group is outdoors.	1
Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	The adults are eating sushi at the Japanese restaurant.	0
Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	An outdoor card game brings people together.	1
Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	Adults are sitting at a picnic table.	1
Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	There are enough seats for all players.	1
Five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.	The people are playing BINGO.	0
A man in a suit waits for the subway	they man is running to work	0
A man in a suit waits for the subway	the man is waiting	1
Two little boys in tuxedos.	Two boys in swim trunks go to the beach.	0
Two little boys in tuxedos.	Two boys are dressed up.	1
A man with gray hair and a suit walks down a dimly lit hallway.	The man is sleeping.	0
A man with gray hair and a suit walks down a dimly lit hallway.	The man has gray hair	1
Group of people standing in a subway tunnel.	A group of people in a subway tunnel.	1
Group of people standing in a subway tunnel.	A group of people waiting for a bus.	0
Gray-haired man in suit, with blurry train station in background.	A man is wearing a suit	1
Gray-haired man in suit, with blurry train station in background.	A woman in a dress is standing with a blurry train station in the background.	0
Man with gray hair wearing a suit is waiting in a subway tunnel.	Woman with gray hair wearing a suit is waiting in a subway tunnel.	0
Man with gray hair wearing a suit is waiting in a subway tunnel.	Person with gray hair wearing a suit is waiting in a subway tunnel.	1
Woman opening her purse in a Canadian bakery.	A man is robbing an American bakery.	0
Woman opening her purse in a Canadian bakery.	A woman in a bakery opens her purse.	1
A tennis player about to serve.	The tennis player prepares to serve.	1
A tennis player about to serve.	The tennis player returns the serve.	0
Man posing in a kitchen with his arm stretched out.	The woman in the kitchen has her legs stretched out.	0
Man posing in a kitchen with his arm stretched out.	The man in the kitchen has his arm stretched out.	1
A rider in a red shirt rides his or her bike next to an outdoor fountain.	The rider in the red shirt is riding his bike outdoors.	1
A rider in a red shirt rides his or her bike next to an outdoor fountain.	The rider in the red shirt is falling off the bike.	0
Two men in suits laugh together.	The two people in suits are exchaning business cards.	0
Two men in suits laugh together.	The two guys are sharing a joyous moment.	1
Someone is taking a stroll on their bike.	He is on a riding his bike.	1
Someone is taking a stroll on their bike.	He is running after his bike	0
A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A man riding in a car.	0
A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	The man is not wearing any protective gear.	0
A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A man is riding a bike.	1
A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	The man in a helmet is outdoors.	1
A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A man riding a bike.	1
A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A bare-headed man is riding a bike.	0
A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A man in a helmet exercising.	1
A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A man in a helmet preparing to win the tour de France.	0
A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A woman is driving a car.	0
A man in a helmet is riding a bike.	A man is wearing a helmet and riding his bicycle.	1
Riding a bicycle through the city.	A bike is being ridden outside.	1
Riding a bicycle through the city.	A bike is being ridden on a dirt path.	0
the reflection of a young couple in a train window with onlookers and a old asian man sitting on the bench.	people are on a train.	1
the reflection of a young couple in a train window with onlookers and a old asian man sitting on the bench.	The old man picks up the train	0
the reflection of a young couple in a train window with onlookers and a old asian man sitting on the bench.	a couple is reflected in a window.	1
the reflection of a young couple in a train window with onlookers and a old asian man sitting on the bench.	The old man sits outside	1
An old asian man sits on a subway train.	An Asian man is driving in his car.	0
An old asian man sits on a subway train.	An Asian man is on a train.	1
Two men in business attire make conversation.	Two men in business attire talk.	1
Two men in business attire make conversation.	Two men in Steeler jerseys make conversation.	0
Three little girls are sitting at a red cover table filling out cards with pen and paper to be placed in the easter basket and red bowl on the table.	The cover is blue.	0
Three little girls are sitting at a red cover table filling out cards with pen and paper to be placed in the easter basket and red bowl on the table.	There are girls.	1
Three little girls are sitting at a red table with an empty green table in the background.	There are no girls	0
Three little girls are sitting at a red table with an empty green table in the background.	There are three girls	1
Three young children are writing on small slips of paper and leaving them in a basket.	Some children are making notes.	1
Three young children are writing on small slips of paper and leaving them in a basket.	Three children are swimming in the pool.	0
Little girls are writing something on cards to put in a basket.	People are preparing cards.	1
Little girls are writing something on cards to put in a basket.	The girls are casting ballots on whom to exile from the island.	0
Three young girls are at a table writing.	Three young girls are eating.	0
Three young girls are at a table writing.	three young girls are sitting.	1
A boy wearing a hooded sweatshirt is looking down attempting to fix a brightly colored umbrella.	A boy is out in the rain.	1
A boy wearing a hooded sweatshirt is looking down attempting to fix a brightly colored umbrella.	A woman is swimming in the ocean.	0
A woman prepares to start her moped.	The moped is pink.	0
A woman prepares to start her moped.	A woman has a moped.	1
A child having a pleasant time in a swing	A child is crying	0
A child having a pleasant time in a swing	A child is on a swing	1
A young female swimming in a pool.	A boy swings on the monkey bars.	0
A young female swimming in a pool.	A girl is exercising.	1
Three women and one man are posing for a picture.	Three man and one women are posing for a picture.	0
Three women and one man are posing for a picture.	Four people are posing for a picture.	1
One man and three women pose for the camera.	A group of people gathers for a photo.	1
One man and three women pose for the camera.	Four people are busily working on individual oil paintings in a studio.	0
Four people posing for a picture	People are posing for a picture.	1
Four people posing for a picture	Four people are getting ready for a photo.	1
Four people posing for a picture	People avoid having their picture made.	0
Four people posing for a picture	People pose from the photograph.	1
Four people posing for a picture	People are drawing a picture.	0
Four people posing for a picture	Four people are taking pictures of eachother.	0
Four people posing for a picture	people taking pictures	1
Four people posing for a picture	the women are cooking at the wedding	0
Four people posing for a picture	Four people have their picture taken together.	1
Four people posing for a picture	There are 9 people in the picture.	0
Four people are posing outside.	The people are inside.	0
Four people are posing outside.	People are outside.	1
A 2 year old boy swings in the backyard.	A boy rides a bicycle.	0
A 2 year old boy swings in the backyard.	A boy uses a swing.	1
A swimmer performs the butterfly in a swimming pool.	There is no water in the pool.	0
A swimmer performs the butterfly in a swimming pool.	The person is in the pool.	1
A swimmer is racing to win an event.	There is no water in the scene.	0
A swimmer is racing to win an event.	This is swimming event.	1
A person doing a leap with his bike over a hill	a person doing a leap	1
A person doing a leap with his bike over a hill	the person is walking	0
Three construction workers are working to plant grass.	Three contsruction workers are planting trees.	0
Three construction workers are working to plant grass.	The construction workers are outside.	1
A man tries to fix a colorful object.	A man tries to fix an object.	1
A man tries to fix a colorful object.	A man tries to break a colorful object.	0
An elderly woman, and two young men talking on a bus.	Three people are on the bus.	1
An elderly woman, and two young men talking on a bus.	Three people are driving in a minivan.	0
A gentleman witnessing to the public.	The gentleman is in public.	1
A gentleman witnessing to the public.	The gentleman is a female.	0
A man in a blue shirt is talking to a woman on a bus.	A man is swimming in a pool.	0
A man in a blue shirt is talking to a woman on a bus.	A man is in a vehicle.	1
Man holding religious sign and bible next to a pillar.	A man holding a religious sign and a dictionary is next to a pillar.	0
Man holding religious sign and bible next to a pillar.	The man holding the religious sign and bible is next to a pillar.	1
Three people chat on a bus.	There are people on a bus.	1
Three people chat on a bus.	Three people walk through a forest.	0
Man holding a Bible with a sign that reads "Repent. Jesus Christ will judge the world."	A man is holding a sign.	1
Man holding a Bible with a sign that reads "Repent. Jesus Christ will judge the world."	A man reads the Qu'ran.	0
Man outside building holds a sign warning others to repent.	A man is wearing a sign advertising where to get your taxes done with a sign.	0
Man outside building holds a sign warning others to repent.	A man is outside warning people that god is watching them.	1
A surfer showered in the spray of a wave.	A surfer hit a big wave and got showered.	1
A surfer showered in the spray of a wave.	A shark attacked a surfer.	0
Rollerblader in the air above a ramp.	Rollerblader rests on top of a ramp.	0
Rollerblader in the air above a ramp.	Rollerblader off the ground above a ramp.	1
A rollerblader is in midair on a ramp.	A rollerblader is doing a trick in the air	1
A rollerblader is in midair on a ramp.	A figure skater is laying on the ice	0
Three young boys are skateboarding on a ramp.	the girls were surfing	0
Three young boys are skateboarding on a ramp.	the boys are on the ramp	1
Skateboarder in black on ramps in midair pose.	The boarder in black stuck a midair pose.	1
Skateboarder in black on ramps in midair pose.	The boarder in red struck a pose.	0
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.	A man is surfing	1
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.	A man is dead	0
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.	A man is in balck	1
A blond girl in a green patterned shirt has her hand raised.	The girl is at a dance party.	0
A blond girl in a green patterned shirt has her hand raised.	The girl is waiting to be called on.	1
A woman smiling while raising her right hand.	The grumpy man left the building.	0
A woman smiling while raising her right hand.	A happy woman was trying to get someone's attention.	1
A blond woman wearing a green dress raises her hand and smiles in a room.	A woman in a black dress sits down angry.	0
A blond woman wearing a green dress raises her hand and smiles in a room.	A person in a room smiles.	1
Three men are compacting soil in preparation to pour a concrete slab.	Three women are gardening.	0
Three men are compacting soil in preparation to pour a concrete slab.	Three men are working outside.	1
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.	There is a person in the water	1
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.	The surfer is sunbathing on the beach	0
A woman in short hair is raising her hand.	A women doing jumping jacks	0
A woman in short hair is raising her hand.	A women raising her hand	1
Two women and a man are all wearing black jackets and smiling.	Two women and a man are all happy.	1
Two women and a man are all wearing black jackets and smiling.	Some people are are smiling because their black jackets are uncomfortable.	0
Four large bags are tied onto a white car.	There is are large bags on a car.	1
Four large bags are tied onto a white car.	There are large bags on top of a blue car.	0
two young male kids carrying black bowls.	The two kids are females.	0
two young male kids carrying black bowls.	the two kids are inside.	1
Two people window shop for clothing.	Two people try on clothes in a store.	0
Two people window shop for clothing.	Two people window shop.	1
A woman hangs socks on a line outside her window.	A woman is entering the holodeck.	0
A woman hangs socks on a line outside her window.	A woman hanging socks.	1
A couple is looking in a window at a man dressing the mannequin.	A couple is looking at a man dressing the mannequin.	1
A couple is looking in a window at a man dressing the mannequin.	A cat is chasing a dog through a street.	0
Two people, wearing jackets, are watching a man set up a window display in a store.	Two people are sitting down enjoying lunch.	0
Two people, wearing jackets, are watching a man set up a window display in a store.	People observing a man put a display up in the window.	1
Two people looking at clothes in a shop window.	The people walk inside the shop.	0
Two people looking at clothes in a shop window.	Some people are looking at clothes at the store.	1
A person in a tan and blue sweater hanging clothes on a clothesline outside the window of her building.	There are no clothes.	0
A person in a tan and blue sweater hanging clothes on a clothesline outside the window of her building.	Some clothes are outside.	1
A young man in a gray tee-shirt and gray sweatpants stands by a metal tiered shelf in an industrial kitchen, holding the top edge of the metal structure, with one leg resting on the knee of the other leg.	A man standing in an industrial kitchen.	1
A young man in a gray tee-shirt and gray sweatpants stands by a metal tiered shelf in an industrial kitchen, holding the top edge of the metal structure, with one leg resting on the knee of the other leg.	A man in all black stands in an industrial kitchen.	0
a man standing next to an oddly designed bike	A man is sitting on the couch.	0
a man standing next to an oddly designed bike	A man is standing next to a bike.	1
A man stands near a bicycle taxi while many people wander the city streets.	A man stands near a bicycle taxy while many people wander the city streets	1
A man stands near a bicycle taxi while many people wander the city streets.	The man was watching tv	0
A three wheeler bicycle that has a body and backseat that says Jouez la carta de frete! on the road.	The bike has two wheels	0
A three wheeler bicycle that has a body and backseat that says Jouez la carta de frete! on the road.	The bike has three wheels	1
A french bike cab with no passengers, sitting by a crosswalk.	The cab is parked in a garage.	0
A french bike cab with no passengers, sitting by a crosswalk.	The french bike cab is sitting outdoors.	1
A blindfolded man hitting a pinata at a party while everybody watches.	A little toddler tries to hit the pinata with a stick.	0
A blindfolded man hitting a pinata at a party while everybody watches.	A man tries to strike a pinata.	1
A man sitting at a table with a hatchet looking at a broken mug.	The man is looking at a phone	0
A man sitting at a table with a hatchet looking at a broken mug.	The man is examining a broken mug	1
A ballet company with a man and woman posing surrounded by several other women.	A break dancing team.	0
A ballet company with a man and woman posing surrounded by several other women.	A mixed gender ballet company.	1
an older white male with an axe staring at a daffy duck coffee mug.	The old man is looking at the mug.	1
an older white male with an axe staring at a daffy duck coffee mug.	The old man has actually been dead for ten years.	0
A man in sunglasses sits at on an outdoor table and holds up an ax.	the woman is at the mall	0
A man in sunglasses sits at on an outdoor table and holds up an ax.	the man is sitting	1
A man in a black shirt and sunglasses is holding an axe next to a bust of daffy duck.	The man is swimming.	0
A man in a black shirt and sunglasses is holding an axe next to a bust of daffy duck.	The man is holding a weapon.	1
A blindfolded man aims for a pinata while people watch from the deck behind him.	A man is preparing to hit a pinata.	1
A blindfolded man aims for a pinata while people watch from the deck behind him.	A blindfolded woman aims for a pinata while people watch from the deck behind her.	0
Two women sitting at a table doing arts and crafts.	the women are asleep	0
Two women sitting at a table doing arts and crafts.	two women are seated	1
A man dressed in long sleeves and pants is standing in front of snow covered mountains with a thick layer of fog.	A man dressed in long sleeves and pants is outside in the cold	1
A man dressed in long sleeves and pants is standing in front of snow covered mountains with a thick layer of fog.	A man is dressed in shorts and a t-shirt and hiking up the mountain	0
Three men are standing together.	There are men in close proximity.	1
Three men are standing together.	Three women are sitting on the ground.	0
A motorcyclist in yellow and white rides his bike.	The driver is in a vehicle with two wheels.	1
A motorcyclist in yellow and white rides his bike.	The vehicle has four doors.	0
A yellow motorcycle drives down the road.	A cyclist driving a yellow motorcycle.	1
A yellow motorcycle drives down the road.	A yellow motorcycle is parked near a building.	0
A man in a yellow outfit riding a yellow motorcycle.	The man's outfit is the same color as his motorcycle.	1
A man in a yellow outfit riding a yellow motorcycle.	The man is driving a bus.	0
A man in a white jacket and blue baseball cap.	A human in a jacket.	1
A man in a white jacket and blue baseball cap.	Nobody has a jacket.	0
Man and women ballet team during a performance on stage.	The man and woman are performing a ballet on the stage.	1
Man and women ballet team during a performance on stage.	The man and woman are running a marathon.	0
A motorcyclist in yellow.	A motorcyclist wearing blue.	0
A motorcyclist in yellow.	A motorcyclist is wearing yellow.	1
Four people and a child walking in the street.	Five people are outside.	1
Four people and a child walking in the street.	The group is standing in strip club.	0
Two people in blue shirts using a megaphone.	Three people watch a bird flying.	0
Two people in blue shirts using a megaphone.	Two people speaking into a megaphone.	1
A group of people with red berets and one man in the front with gray hair and glasses.	The man wearing glasses is in front of a group of people in red berets.	1
A group of people with red berets and one man in the front with gray hair and glasses.	The people are wearing orange berets.	0
Blond lady looks at Space Needle	A blonde woman looking at a tall building.	1
Blond lady looks at Space Needle	A pink haired woman stripping for an audience.	0
Men at a gathering together wearing orange berets.	Men are wearing headwear.	1
Men at a gathering together wearing orange berets.	Men are dressed entirely in black.	0
Men wearing red hats and blue suits.	Men are wearing blue suits.	1
Men wearing red hats and blue suits.	Men are naked.	0
Two young people in blue shirts share a megaphone at some kind of festival with a Greenpeace tent.	Two young people have blue shirts.	1
Two young people in blue shirts share a megaphone at some kind of festival with a Greenpeace tent.	Two young people have white shirts.	0
A girl in a blue jacket is sitting in front of the Seattle skyline.	A girl was in Seattle.	1
A girl in a blue jacket is sitting in front of the Seattle skyline.	The girl was stuck at school all day.	0
three men are having a discussion.	Three men are swimming in a pool	0
three men are having a discussion.	Some people are talking to each other.	1
women sitting on bench in large sombreros.	The women are running around.	0
women sitting on bench in large sombreros.	Some women are sitting	1
A group of older women sitting on a bench wearing the same hats.	The women have hats on their heads.	1
A group of older women sitting on a bench wearing the same hats.	The women are swinging on the swing set.	0
Six women are sitting on a brick bench and wearing purple and matching red and blue hats.	Six women playing a game of scrabble with one another at a dinning hall.	0
Six women are sitting on a brick bench and wearing purple and matching red and blue hats.	Six women sitting near a brick bench wearing purple and wearing matching red and blue hats at a meeting.	1
Six older ladies, wearing matching red and purple hats, sit outside on a bench made from brick.	Old men go to the baseball game.	0
Six older ladies, wearing matching red and purple hats, sit outside on a bench made from brick.	Older women are sitting outside on a bench.	1
Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, relaxing.	1
Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	A group of elderly woman wearing a particular pattern of clothing are sitting on a brick bench	1
Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	There are women running down the street.	0
Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	A group of women are standing in a circle.	0
Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	The elephants are going the Cha Cha.	0
Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	The women are sitting together.	1
Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	A group of older women are gathered on a bench.	1
Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	All the ladies are standing around wearing dull clothing.	0
Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	There are women sitting on a bench.	1
Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.	Group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a concrete bench.	0
Two boys shoveling in melted snow.	Two boys are having a snowball fight.	0
Two boys shoveling in melted snow.	Two boys are shoveling snow.	1
A asian male rides a bike in the streets of a large brightly lit city.	A asian man rides his bike.	1
A asian male rides a bike in the streets of a large brightly lit city.	A black male walks through the ghetto.	0
A man prepares fish at an Asian seafood market.	A group of people are rioting on the street.	0
A man prepares fish at an Asian seafood market.	A man works with fish at the market.	1
An Asian fish market with fish being cut up for sale.	Fish are being sold.	1
An Asian fish market with fish being cut up for sale.	The fisherman lands a marlin.	0
Customers buy cut raw fish at the market.	People are buying chicken.	0
Customers buy cut raw fish at the market.	People are buying fish.	1
A child at a water park is sprayed from all sides by a ring of water.	A child is sprayed with water.	1
A child at a water park is sprayed from all sides by a ring of water.	A woman sprays herself with the hose.	0
A swimmer playing in the surf watches a low flying airplane headed inland.	There is someone swimming in the sea.	1
A swimmer playing in the surf watches a low flying airplane headed inland.	The plane is going to crash into the swimmer.	0
A group of several people are attending an event.	The people are in separate locations.	0
A group of several people are attending an event.	The people are together.	1
Children in white shirts are at school.	Children are wearing white shirts at school.	1
Children in white shirts are at school.	Adults are wearing black shirts at church.	0
Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	the man is a goat	0
Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Women stand at a bar with light cabinets and bare walls.	0
Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Women at a bar	1
Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Worlds longest toenails on display	0
Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Women are sitting at a bar.	1
Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Woman eats at local resturaunt	1
Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	A bar with wall-menus seats several women.	1
Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	a woman is sitting	1
Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Women are at the beach.	0
Women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.	Woman at a bar table	0
A woman with a ponytail and wearing a floral patterned dress is holding a teacup and saucer while speaking with another woman who is also wearing a floral patterned dress.	Woman speaking to someone with a similar dress	1
A woman with a ponytail and wearing a floral patterned dress is holding a teacup and saucer while speaking with another woman who is also wearing a floral patterned dress.	Two woman ripping off their clothes	0
Two women in black dresses covered in white artwork stand together in the grass while one holds a white mug.	Two women are standing oustide talking.	1
Two women in black dresses covered in white artwork stand together in the grass while one holds a white mug.	Two women are going to board a plane.	0
Two women in dresses are standing across from each other.	The women have legs.	1
Two women in dresses are standing across from each other.	The women are running.	0
Two women wearing dresses white drinking tea.	Two women are drinking tea.	1
Two women wearing dresses white drinking tea.	Two men are playing cards.	0
A plane is flying overhead while a man is walking near the water on a beach.	The man is sitting inside a coffee shop.	0
A plane is flying overhead while a man is walking near the water on a beach.	The man is walking outdoors.	1
a black woman is talking to three young men.	A white women is yelling at three young girls.	0
a black woman is talking to three young men.	A colored lady is talking to a group of men.	1
A woman in a store is holding an item in her left hand while looking away from the camera.	The woman in the store is not looking at the camera.	1
A woman in a store is holding an item in her left hand while looking away from the camera.	The woman in the store is looking at the camera.	0
A girl talks to three teenage boys.	A boy talks to three teenage boys.	0
A girl talks to three teenage boys.	A person talks to three teenage boys.	1
Two women sitting at the bar having drinks.	A couple of women having drinks.	1
Two women sitting at the bar having drinks.	Two men drinking smoothies at Starbucks.	0
A few black guys talking to a girl.	Some men were speaking with a woman.	1
A few black guys talking to a girl.	Some people were at the hockey rink.	0
Old car driving down the road.	The vehicle is old and on a stree5t.	1
Old car driving down the road.	The new car is racing down the street .	0
A man in a white shirt is photographing a blond woman who is wearing a red and white dress.	A blonde woman in a dress is being photographed.	1
A man in a white shirt is photographing a blond woman who is wearing a red and white dress.	The woman is wearing a pant suit.	0
A man in a helmet is working on a building's window.	Someone is working on a window.	1
A man in a helmet is working on a building's window.	A man in a helmet is working on a building's foundation.	0
A woman with blond-hair wearing a red and white dress with a black belt and boots modeling for photographers in the street.	Nobody is taking photographs.	0
A woman with blond-hair wearing a red and white dress with a black belt and boots modeling for photographers in the street.	Someone is wearing a dress.	1
A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A man and woman are sitting on a blanket at a park.	0
A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A woman is sitting down.	0
A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A man and woman are standing next to each other.	1
A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	People are surfing the waves in the ocean.	0
A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A woman is sitting at a cafe table on the sidewalk.	0
A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A woman is standing next to a man.	1
A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A woman is with a man.	1
A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A man and a women wearing clothes stand near eachother.	1
A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A woman and man are seeing each other from afar.	0
A woman in a red and white dress standing next to a man in a pink shirt, purple vest, and brown hat.	A man is dressed in multiple hues.	1
A man in blue cap is holding the net.	A man is playing basketball	0
A man in blue cap is holding the net.	A man is wearing a blue cap	1
A man in a purple shirt is holding a large fishing net.	A man takes a nap on a park bench.	0
A man in a purple shirt is holding a large fishing net.	A man holds up a fishing net.	1
A man in a blue hat standing with a large net in his hand.	A man is wearing a blue hat.	1
A man in a blue hat standing with a large net in his hand.	A man is wearing a yellow hat.	0
A man is holding a blue fishing net in front of some rocks.	A man is playing basketball.	0
A man is holding a blue fishing net in front of some rocks.	A man is outdoors.	1
A group of women dressed for roller derby are standing and sitting in a group.	Roller derby team is congregating together.	1
A group of women dressed for roller derby are standing and sitting in a group.	The roller derby team is dancing.	0
A photographer is taking photos of flowers.	A photographer has decided to never take another photo.	0
A photographer is taking photos of flowers.	A photographer is taking photos of nature.	1
Several girls are having a discussion after rollerskating.	Several girl monkeys are having a discussion	0
Several girls are having a discussion after rollerskating.	Several girls are having a discussion	1
Female rollerskaters are taking a break and having a conversation.	Female rollerskaters talk.	1
Female rollerskaters are taking a break and having a conversation.	Male rollerskaters in pink talk.	0
A brunette photographer is kneeling down to take a photo.	The woman has a camera.	1
A brunette photographer is kneeling down to take a photo.	A photographer is taking a nap.	0
Three children pose outdoors on a hike.	Children are outdoors.	1
Three children pose outdoors on a hike.	Children play Xbox .	0
A woman leans over a rail to get a picture of flowers.	A man leans over a rail to get a picture of flowers.	0
A woman leans over a rail to get a picture of flowers.	A woman leans over a rail to get a photograph.	1
Young woman making peculiar gestures with hand and arms.	The woman is not moving a muscle.	0
Young woman making peculiar gestures with hand and arms.	The woman is moving her arms.	1
A man hanging out in a commercial kitchen.	A man standing in a commercial kitchen.	1
A man hanging out in a commercial kitchen.	A man is making a bed.	0
A lesbian couple kiss while walking down a busy street.	Two women are kissing in a street	1
A lesbian couple kiss while walking down a busy street.	A deer is running through an open field	0
A gray dog runs in a backyard terrace.	A gray dog sleeps in the sun.	0
A gray dog runs in a backyard terrace.	A gray dog runs outside.	1
Two people in black leather ride motorcycles.	A woman is jogging in the forest.	0
Two people in black leather ride motorcycles.	Two people are outside.	1
An old Ford passes through the street.	An automobile drives down the road	1
An old Ford passes through the street.	A new BMW races down the highway	0
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.	The lady in the pink jacket is in her car.	0
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.	The lady in the pink jacket is outside.	1
Ladies standing up on the side of a board for the Tuscany Sun Festival.	the ladies are laying on the beach	0
Ladies standing up on the side of a board for the Tuscany Sun Festival.	ladies are standing	1
Kids are playing in an oceanic tidal flat.	The tide flats are being visited by some kids.	1
Kids are playing in an oceanic tidal flat.	The adults are finding oysters.	0
A man holding a yellow balloon sitting on a bench next to a woman with a little girl in front of her and a little boy in green rain boots walking in front of them.	There are two little boys.	0
A man holding a yellow balloon sitting on a bench next to a woman with a little girl in front of her and a little boy in green rain boots walking in front of them.	The people are outside.	1
Young man with red stains on face, with two women, posing in black clothing.	They are all dressed in white.	0
Young man with red stains on face, with two women, posing in black clothing.	There are three people.	1
Three people wear a lot of makeup and stand together.	Three people wearing ski masks rob a bank.	0
Three people wear a lot of makeup and stand together.	Three people wearing makeup stand together	1
Two women in Gothic makeup are posing next to a man in a leather jacket and red scarf.	The two women are asleep.	0
Two women in Gothic makeup are posing next to a man in a leather jacket and red scarf.	The two women are with a man.	1
Man with red marks around mouth standing with two women who are wearing black.	The people are standing.	1
Man with red marks around mouth standing with two women who are wearing black.	Three people playing golf.	0
Two elegantly dressed women wearing white having there picture made on a city sidewalk.	They are getting their picture taken.	1
Two elegantly dressed women wearing white having there picture made on a city sidewalk.	They are in a cave.	0
A man and 2 women in dark clothing.	The man and 2 women are in bright yellow shirts.	0
A man and 2 women in dark clothing.	The man and 2 women have on clothes.	1
A busy women in black and white color dress is crossing the road.	A woman walks on the sidewalk.	0
A busy women in black and white color dress is crossing the road.	A woman crosses the road.	1
A city street scene with the backs of a woman crossing the street and a bicyclist.	there was an accident, a female and a bicyclist identified	1
A city street scene with the backs of a woman crossing the street and a bicyclist.	female took lift from bicyclist	0
A woman in a blue and white polka dotted dress is crossing the street in a busy city.	The woman is clothed.	1
A woman in a blue and white polka dotted dress is crossing the street in a busy city.	The woman is asleep.	0
A woman in blue dress in crossing the street while a person in bright yellow is riding their bike down it.	The woman is in blue	1
A woman in blue dress in crossing the street while a person in bright yellow is riding their bike down it.	The woman is naked	0
Pedestrians busy walking and shopping.	One person is walking on an empty sidewalk.	0
Pedestrians busy walking and shopping.	People are moving by foot.	1
A man in a kilt is tossing a large pole while other men in kilts watch on the side.	A bunch of men wearing shorts are tossing poles.	0
A man in a kilt is tossing a large pole while other men in kilts watch on the side.	A bunch of men are wearing kilts.	1
A man with a black shirt and plaid quilt is throwing a log into the air while spectators are watching.	The man is alone cutting his lawn.	0
A man with a black shirt and plaid quilt is throwing a log into the air while spectators are watching.	The man is throwing logs.	1
A man in a black shirt and green plaid kilt throws a long wooden spear, as several men spectate from the sidelines.	a man is standing near the men chatting	0
A man in a black shirt and green plaid kilt throws a long wooden spear, as several men spectate from the sidelines.	a man sitting near sidelines	1
A man in a kilt tossing a log outside in front of some trees and bales of hay while many people look on, 7 of which are in front of a safety line, one obscured by the tosser and 3 with kilts.	People watch as a man in a kilt tosses bales of hay.	1
A man in a kilt tossing a log outside in front of some trees and bales of hay while many people look on, 7 of which are in front of a safety line, one obscured by the tosser and 3 with kilts.	The man is wearing green cargo pants.	0
A couple is sitting on a bench.	They are near each other.	1
A couple is sitting on a bench.	They are running around.	0
A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	Two people are on opposite sides of a newspaper box and a shopping cart and one hands the other a white cup.	1
A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	A person is playing the piano.	0
A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	A woman is handing a cup to a man.	1
A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	a woman gives a knife to her mother	0
A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	a woman gives a cup to a guy.	1
A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	A lady handing a man a coffee.	1
A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	A woman giving a cup to a man	1
A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	A man handing a woman a coffee.	0
A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	A woman is drinking a cup of tea.	0
A woman handing a white cup to a man with a newspaper box and a shopping cart between them.	a woman is offering the man a ride	0
Two children on the beach.	two kids are running through an obstacle course at school.	0
Two children on the beach.	A pair of kids are out on some sand.	1
A woman and boy playing on a beach.	A woman and a boy playing outside.	1
A woman and boy playing on a beach.	A woman and a boy playing inside their house.	0
Two children are running towards the ocean on a beach.	Some children are outdoors.	1
Two children are running towards the ocean on a beach.	There is no water.	0
A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	A child and grow up playing by the ocean	1
A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	Father and child eating ice cream	0
A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	Nobody has a hat	0
A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	Some humans with hats	1
A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	Two people play by the ocean.	1
A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	Two adults walk along the highway.	0
A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	Two people play by the water.	1
A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	A child and grown up, wearing hats, play in the field.	0
A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	Two adults are playing in the ocean.	0
A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.	A kid and a grownup are playing by the ocean.	1
A boy in an orange shirt and red hat is standing next to a girl with a white shirt and blue pants in the sand next to the ocean.	A young boy is standing next to a young girl in the sand at the beach.	1
A boy in an orange shirt and red hat is standing next to a girl with a white shirt and blue pants in the sand next to the ocean.	Some birds are flying in the clear sky.	0
A lady with a green shirt and tan shorts is picking out strawberries and putting them in a plastic bag.	A lady in shirt and shorts picks strawberries and puts them in a bag	1
A lady with a green shirt and tan shorts is picking out strawberries and putting them in a plastic bag.	A woman holds a bag as another person picks strawberries for her	0
Two dark-haired boys are bending down with marbles in their hands.	The boys are playing with marbles.	1
Two dark-haired boys are bending down with marbles in their hands.	The dark-haired boys are digging a hole.	0
Two women are kissing in the street as someone stands next to them staring at the ground.	They are outside.	1
Two women are kissing in the street as someone stands next to them staring at the ground.	They are playing ball.	0
A woman in a black dress and high heels is getting onto a bicycle.	Someone gets on a bicycle.	1
A woman in a black dress and high heels is getting onto a bicycle.	A cab driver waits for a fare.	0
A young woman apparently dressed for the evening has decided to ride a bike to the event, even while wearing high heels.	A woman is scrubbing mud off the kitchen floor.	0
A young woman apparently dressed for the evening has decided to ride a bike to the event, even while wearing high heels.	The woman is wearing heels.	1
A young woman apparently dressed for the evening has decided to ride a bike to the event, even while wearing high heels.	The woman is wearing combat boots.	0
A young woman apparently dressed for the evening has decided to ride a bike to the event, even while wearing high heels.	A female is riding a bicycle.	1
A woman in high heels rides a bicycle with tiny wheels.	A woman is riding a bike.	1
A woman in high heels rides a bicycle with tiny wheels.	A woman is fixing her home.	0
A woman on top of a small bicycle.	A person is riding a bike.	1
A woman on top of a small bicycle.	Two dragons perch on a mountaintop.	0
A father playing with his two boys in a sand box.	A family playing in the sandbox.	1
A father playing with his two boys in a sand box.	A family is fishing.	0
A woman and a man with tattoos on the upper area of both of his arms having fun on the sidewalk with a few streamers around them.	The tattoos are on the legs.	0
A woman and a man with tattoos on the upper area of both of his arms having fun on the sidewalk with a few streamers around them.	There  is a sidewalk.	1
A girl with blond-hair is connected to ribbons of many colors and is enjoying some sort of celebration.	A girl has many colorful ribbons.	1
A girl with blond-hair is connected to ribbons of many colors and is enjoying some sort of celebration.	A girl is sleeping in a bunk bed.	0
Two men practicing martial arts together.	Then men are doing martial arts.	1
Two men practicing martial arts together.	The men are playing video games.	0
Two girls giving the peace sign.	There are two girls in this picture.	1
Two girls giving the peace sign.	The girls are sitting inside, drawing in their coloring books.	0
Girl tangled in multicolored bands on tracks.	A girl is stuck in bands.	1
Girl tangled in multicolored bands on tracks.	A girl is made out of rubber bands.	0
Two men are sparring and one is kicking a board.	Two men practice fighting skills	1
Two men are sparring and one is kicking a board.	Two women fight with rubber chickens	0
A young man is kicking a board while dressed in a Karate Gi.	a man doing karate	1
A young man is kicking a board while dressed in a Karate Gi.	a man reading a book quietly alone	0
Two guys practicing martial arts in a martial art school.	Two men practicing an activity together.	1
Two guys practicing martial arts in a martial art school.	Two guys watching a competition at school.	0
People are walking down the street with vendors on the side on a beautiful, sunny day.	Little kids rding their bikes on the road on a summer day	0
People are walking down the street with vendors on the side on a beautiful, sunny day.	Peole are walking down the hilly road with food venders standing at the side of the road.	1
people are gathered at some kind of shop on the side of the street.	one person is inside watching television.	0
people are gathered at some kind of shop on the side of the street.	People are outside.	1
A boy with a yellow shirt and yellow do-rag walking through a town.	A boy sits in his shop selling oranges.	0
A boy with a yellow shirt and yellow do-rag walking through a town.	A boy is walking through the town.	1
A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	A dog is jumping.	1
A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	The woman jumps down at the dog.	0
A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	The dogs sit in the park.	0
A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	There are two dogs.	1
A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	a brown dog drives a taxi	0
A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	a brown dog jumps at a lady	1
A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	There are animals near a woman.	1
A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	The dog jumps up to the woman.	1
A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	The dogs are sleeping.	0
A tan dog jumping up at a woman in a skirt and a black and tan dog walking away.	A woman was in pants when the dog jumped at her.	0
People walk down a street with shops along the way.	Everybody is in a cafe.	0
People walk down a street with shops along the way.	Some people are outside.	1
A small boy sitting on a toy by a window getting tickled by his dad.	A man and child are walking in a park.	0
A small boy sitting on a toy by a window getting tickled by his dad.	a little boy is playing with toys	1
A man in a flowered shirt is tickling a young boy wearing a light blue shirt.	THE LADY IS WEARING BLUE SHIRT AND THE BOY LAUGHING OUT LOUD	0
A man in a flowered shirt is tickling a young boy wearing a light blue shirt.	PAUL IS TICKLING PAUL JR WEARING THE SHIRT	1
A man tickles a young child in front of a sunny window.	A child is being tickled.	1
A man tickles a young child in front of a sunny window.	A man is petting his dog.	0
a man in a hawaiian shirt is playing with a boy wearing blue.	A man plays with a boy.	1
a man in a hawaiian shirt is playing with a boy wearing blue.	A man kidnaps a boy.	0
A group of people are performing on stage.	Women are sewing sweaters.	0
A group of people are performing on stage.	People are performing on stage.	1
An adult and a child play together with toys.	Three men are ordering pizza.	0
An adult and a child play together with toys.	Two people are spending time together.	1
A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	a man in a coat rides his bike outside	1
A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	A man rides his bike.	1
A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	The man is crashing into a pile of leaves.	0
A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	A man is riding his bike in the snow.	0
A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	Man driving a car in Autumn	0
A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	Man riding a bicycle	1
A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	A bike rides a man.	0
A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	a man drives his car to the moon.	0
A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	A man dressed up rides his bike in fall weather.	1
A man wearing a jacket and hat rides his bicycle among bright rays of sunshine that is streaming between an array of Autumn leafs.	A man rides his bike in the fall.	1
An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	The elderly man was biking on a rainy day.	0
An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	The old man is walking.	0
An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	The elderly man is outdoors.	1
An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	An elderly man is bicycling.	1
An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	The old man is riding a bicycle.	1
An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	The man is outdoors.	1
An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	The man is at a desktop computer.	0
An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	A man is driving a sports car.	0
An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	A man riding a bike down a path.	1
An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.	An elderly woman rides a bike down a path.	0
An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	An old man is driving a car.	0
An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	The man is riding a unicycle.	0
An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	An old man is laying on the ground.	0
An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	A old man riding a skateboard.	0
An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	The man is enjoying the outdoors.	1
An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	A man is riding a bicycle on a sunny day in the country.	1
An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	The man is outside	1
An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	An old man is riding a bike.	1
An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	The man is walking to the store	0
An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.	A old man outside on a bike in the day time.	1
Ballroom dancers in the midst of a dance.	People are sitting in the waiting room.	0
Ballroom dancers in the midst of a dance.	People are dancing.	1
A yellow truck is standing on a busy street in front of the Swarovski store.	A yellow truck is standing on a street.	1
A yellow truck is standing on a busy street in front of the Swarovski store.	A blue truck is standing on a busy street in front of the Swarovski store.	0
A yellow dog jumps to greet a woman.	A yellow cat jumps to greet a woman.	0
A yellow dog jumps to greet a woman.	A dog jumps to greet a woman.	1
A dance couple dancing on a dance floor with strobe lights flashing.	Dance couple working out in gym	0
A dance couple dancing on a dance floor with strobe lights flashing.	Dance couple dancing on dance floor	1
A trailer hitch is holding a large contraption.	they are girls there too	0
A trailer hitch is holding a large contraption.	PEOPLPE WERE ON GRASS	1
A brown and white dog jumping up to catch a Frisbee while an audience watches.	A cat yawns.	0
A brown and white dog jumping up to catch a Frisbee while an audience watches.	Two dogs jumping.	1
A free runner is jumping a rail.	A parkour runner springs off a rail.	1
A free runner is jumping a rail.	The runner is stopped and giving directions to a couple at the park.	0
A man windsurfing.	A man is skateboarding.	0
A man windsurfing.	A person is on a body of water.	1
A man in heavy clothing with a cart of tools bending to inspect the floor	A person is checking the condition of a surface.	1
A man in heavy clothing with a cart of tools bending to inspect the floor	A guy in a bathing suit plays volleyball in a pool.	0
A man rides a wakeboard attached to a parachute.	A man never likes wake board.	0
A man rides a wakeboard attached to a parachute.	A man is riding	1
A man holds onto ropes and is pulled through the water on his ski.	A man is skiing down a steep mountain.	0
A man holds onto ropes and is pulled through the water on his ski.	There is a man water skiing.	1
The man is waterskiing.	The person is gliding along the surface of the water.	1
The man is waterskiing.	Someone is riding on an inflatable tube.	0
A man holding onto ropes while boogie boarding.	A man is on the water.	1
A man holding onto ropes while boogie boarding.	A man is swimming.	0
A middle-aged couple is at the foreground of a scene of people walking in a theme park.	Middle aged couple are at the street	0
A middle-aged couple is at the foreground of a scene of people walking in a theme park.	Middle aged couple visited theme park	1
A man in a lawn chair gives a small boy a hug and kiss, while another small boy in a yellow shirt plays in the sand with his toys.	A man in a lawn chair doesn't give a small boy a hug and kiss	0
A man in a lawn chair gives a small boy a hug and kiss, while another small boy in a yellow shirt plays in the sand with his toys.	A man in a lawn chair gives a small boy a hug and kiss	1
Some kids are climbing a metal structure.	Some kids are sliding down a slide in the park.	0
Some kids are climbing a metal structure.	Some kids are climbing.	1
Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	The woman is clapping.	0
Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A woman reaches in a mans pocket.	1
Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A man reaches in a lady's pocket.	0
Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A woman in all white reaches into a mans pocket.	1
Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A man dressed in black has her hands in the air.	0
Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A woman is wearing a white clothes near a man she is touching.	1
Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	The woman puts her hand into the mans pocket.	1
Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A woman's hand is inside a man's pocket.	1
Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	The man and woman are playing together.	0
Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.	A woman pick pockets the unsuspecting gentlemen's wallet.	0
Four little girls playing soccer.	A group of girls playing with a soccer ball.	1
Four little girls playing soccer.	Four girls playing tennis.	0
Kids play in a school yard	Kids are playing in a gym.	0
Kids play in a school yard	There are kids playing outside.	1
A woman with a hat walking with a middle-aged man.	A group of women protest.	0
A woman with a hat walking with a middle-aged man.	A lady with a hat walks with a guy.	1
A teenage boy jumping over a railing.	A teenage girl slowly climbs over the railing.	0
A teenage boy jumping over a railing.	A teenager jumps over the railing.	1
A man is about to embark on a dangerous stunt involving a bicycle and bungee cords.	A man is about to embark on a stunt involving a bicycle and bungee cords.	1
A man is about to embark on a dangerous stunt involving a bicycle and bungee cords.	A woman is about to embark on a dangerous stunt involving a bicycle and bungee cords.	0
A man is on a bicycle lifted off of the ground attached to a pole.	a giraffe stands	0
A man is on a bicycle lifted off of the ground attached to a pole.	man is on bike	1
A man sits on a bike attached to a column in the air.	The man is sitting	1
A man sits on a bike attached to a column in the air.	The man is standing	0
Young boy in red hat riding a horse.	A young boy is riding a horse.	1
Young boy in red hat riding a horse.	A young boy rides a tractor.	0
A person on a bmx bike.	Someone carrying a bicycle.	0
A person on a bmx bike.	Someone riding a bicycle.	1
The biker in blue is going around a corner.	The biker in red is going around a corner.	0
The biker in blue is going around a corner.	The biker in blue is going around a corner.	1
A young child wearing a red hat and a tag "513" participant tag rides a horse.	A child rides a horse.	1
A young child wearing a red hat and a tag "513" participant tag rides a horse.	A child bathes their horse.	0
A child in a red hat is riding a horse.	A child is riding an animal.	1
A child in a red hat is riding a horse.	A grown man in a red hat rides a horse.	0
Person in blue jacket on a bike on a dirt course with people looking from behind a red and white barrier.	The people behind the barrier are watching a guy on a bike.	1
Person in blue jacket on a bike on a dirt course with people looking from behind a red and white barrier.	The people are watching a guy driving a boat.	0
Person in blue jacket on a bike on a dirt course with people looking from behind a red and white barrier.	A red and white barrier is set up on the track.	1
A man in an apron sits on a curb.	A man rests outdoors.	1
A man in an apron sits on a curb.	A chef makes a huge pizza.	0
Three people are outside with something on the grass.	Three people are on the grass.	1
Three people are outside with something on the grass.	Everyone is on a water slide.	0
Three boys standing in a yard with a bunch of paper.	Six boys are standing on the roof with a bunch of paper.	0
Three boys standing in a yard with a bunch of paper.	Three boys are standing outside.	1
Kayaker in protective helmet and blue kayak keeps afloat in raging waters.	The kayaker wears protective gear.	1
Kayaker in protective helmet and blue kayak keeps afloat in raging waters.	The boy is hydraphobic.	0
Three boys are struggling with one another and reaching for bag of litter.	the dogs eat mud	0
Three boys are struggling with one another and reaching for bag of litter.	the boys fight for the bag of litter	1
Three young children riding on a donkey drawn cart.	Children are being pulled in a cart by a donkey.	1
Three young children riding on a donkey drawn cart.	The children pet the donkey through a fence.	0
A donkey is pulling the cart down the road.	The rooster was on top of the donkey.	0
A donkey is pulling the cart down the road.	The donkey is pulling the cart.	1
One boy in a yellow shirt rides a donkey hitched to a cart carrying two boys in yellow along a road.	One boy in a green shirt rides a horse hitched to a cart carrying two boys in green along a road.	0
One boy in a yellow shirt rides a donkey hitched to a cart carrying two boys in yellow along a road.	A child directs a burro that is hitched to a cart carrying other children.	1
A person kayaking in strong currents.	The water current is strong for the kayaker.	1
A person kayaking in strong currents.	The canoer slowly rows on the placid lake.	0
A group of people are sitting and hanging out in a big courtyard with a fountain shooting up in the air in the background.	People are running in a marathon.	0
A group of people are sitting and hanging out in a big courtyard with a fountain shooting up in the air in the background.	People are sitting outside.	1
As the blue sky is dappled with white, fluffy clouds, two people are standing together near a seating area with green umbrellas.	People getting soaked with rain.	0
As the blue sky is dappled with white, fluffy clouds, two people are standing together near a seating area with green umbrellas.	Some people are not using the seating area.	1
A park outside of a city that has a water fountain.	You can rehydrate after exploring the area.	1
A park outside of a city that has a water fountain.	You have to pay for water at the park.	0
People relaxing under green umbrella's with a beautiful fountain in the background.	The folk is hiding from the sun under green umbrellas.	0
People relaxing under green umbrella's with a beautiful fountain in the background.	The folk are having fun near by a fountain.	1
People relaxing under green umbrella's with a beautiful fountain in the background.	The people are sitting at the restaurants.	0
People sit and stand near a fountain.	The people are playing basketball.	0
People sit and stand near a fountain.	The people are near water.	1
A man in a red jacket and sunglasses is snowboarding down a snowy mountain.	A male snowboards down a snowy mountain wearing a red jacket and sunglasses	1
A man in a red jacket and sunglasses is snowboarding down a snowy mountain.	A man is skiing down the mountain.	0
A lady standing on side of a classic car.	A man standing on side of a classic car.	0
A lady standing on side of a classic car.	A lady stands by a car	1
A woman in a blue shirt smiles at the camera while she stands next to a car that matches her shirt.	A woman quarreled with her husband in blue shirt.	0
A woman in a blue shirt smiles at the camera while she stands next to a car that matches her shirt.	A woman acting in advertisement with matching dress with car.	1
Woman in blue jacket and flip-flops standing by restored vintage blue car with hood open.	A lady wearing a blue dress and sandals is standing next to a refurbished car.	1
Woman in blue jacket and flip-flops standing by restored vintage blue car with hood open.	A lady wearing a blue dress and sandals is cooking.	0
Woman in blue jacket shows off her vintage car in front of Nathalie's DollHouse.	A woman with a car is in front a house.	1
Woman in blue jacket shows off her vintage car in front of Nathalie's DollHouse.	A woman is in a boat.	0
A woman standing in front of a fancy blue car in front of Nathalie's DollHouse.	A woman sitting on the tire of a monster truck while waiting to get into Nathalie's DollHouse.	0
A woman standing in front of a fancy blue car in front of Nathalie's DollHouse.	A woman standing in front of Nathalie's DollHouse.	1
A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man is snowboarding.	1
A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A woman on a snowboard is going towards a camera.	0
A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A woman is on skis.	0
A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man has a snowboard.	1
A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man riding some skis approaches downhill towards the camera.	0
A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man riding a snowboard approaches the camera from the top of the hill.	1
A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man has a skateboard.	0
A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man on a snowboard is going towards a camera.	1
A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man without a snowboard is hiking in the snow.	0
A man on a snowboard travels downhill towards the camera.	A man is snowboarding.	1
Someone is riding a motorcycle down a racetrack during daylight hours.	Someone is riding a bike at night.	0
Someone is riding a motorcycle down a racetrack during daylight hours.	A person is riding a vehicle.	1
A motorcyclist in red and white leather flies down the track.	The person is snorkeling in the ocean.	0
A motorcyclist in red and white leather flies down the track.	The person is wearing leather.	1
A person wearing a white jumpsuit is riding a fast moving motorcycle on a racetrack.	A person is riding a motorcycle outdoors.	1
A person wearing a white jumpsuit is riding a fast moving motorcycle on a racetrack.	A person in a white dress is sitting outside.	0
A person rides a motorcycle, with the front wheel lifting slightly off the ground.	A person riding their motorcycle outdoors.	1
A person rides a motorcycle, with the front wheel lifting slightly off the ground.	A person cleaning their motorcycle inside of their garage.	0
A motorcycle racer speeds around a track.	The rider is on a motorcycle.	1
A motorcycle racer speeds around a track.	The racer is on a horse.	0
A man is snowboarding during the day.	The man is a sliding down the mountain.	1
A man is snowboarding during the day.	The man is in the gym.	0
The men are watching sports at a bar.	the men are watching a soap opera at a bar.	0
The men are watching sports at a bar.	there are people at a bar.	1
game is playing in the stadium	stadium is completely empty	0
game is playing in the stadium	something happening in the stadium	1
A man with his knees held up and another man wearing a gray shirt are sitting at a bar.	The bar is closed.	0
A man with his knees held up and another man wearing a gray shirt are sitting at a bar.	Two people are sitting.	1
The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	The people came to watch a baseball game.	1
The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	The players are sleeping.	0
The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	A basketball team is standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	0
The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	A baseball team stands in the locker room.	0
The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	People watch a baseball game.	1
The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	Players of a baseball team and standing on a field with people watching.	1
The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	A group of people watch a youth basketball game.	0
The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	A baseball team stands on the field in front of a crowd.	1
The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	Players of a baseball team are loading onto the bus to go home.	0
The players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.	A baseball team stands on a field.	1
Baseball players are playing on a field in a stadium filled with people.	Two men are arguing.	0
Baseball players are playing on a field in a stadium filled with people.	Baseball players are playing with a stadium of people watching.	1
A shirtless man in a red ball cap pulls fabric out of water.	A man without a shirt is pulling something out of the water	1
A shirtless man in a red ball cap pulls fabric out of water.	A woman is riding a bicycle at the beach	0
A person in a yellow coat is walking outside at night.	The man is standing at the counter indoors.	0
A person in a yellow coat is walking outside at night.	There is a person in a coat.	1
A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	The boy is taking pictures of the scenery.	1
A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	A woman is washing her clothes in the laundry.	0
A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	A child takes a picture with a camera on a tripod.	1
A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	The child stands in the grass.	1
A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	A young person is wearing warm weather clothes, and using expensive equipment.	1
A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	A child plays a boardgame with some friends.	0
A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	A child wearing baggy shorts is taking a picture.	1
A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	The adult stands next to the Christmas tree.	0
A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	The boy is riding a unicorn through the grassy field.	0
A child wearing bluish baggy shorts and shirt with a striped baseball hat, taking a picture with a camera placed on tripod stand in a grassy mountainous region.	A man wearing baggy shorts is taking a picture of a desert.	0
A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A boy putting together a puzzle.	0
A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A boy is playing video games in the winter.	0
A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A boy takes a picture in nice weather.	1
A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A person in clothes.	1
A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A boy is wearing shorts.	1
A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	Just a car.	0
A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A boy looking through a camera.	1
A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	The camera is on the floor.	0
A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A young boy is peering through a camera.	1
A young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.	A young adult is watching tv.	0
A woman wearing two medals holds up seven fingers.	a woman wears medals	1
A woman wearing two medals holds up seven fingers.	a woman wears two medals and sits on a couch	0
A shirtless man in a reddish orange hat stooping to pull something out of the water.	A man in a reddish orange hat stooping to pull something out of the water.	1
A shirtless man in a reddish orange hat stooping to pull something out of the water.	A woman in a reddish orange hat stooping to pull something out of the water.	0
A small boy is taking pictures while standing in sand.	A small boy has a camera.	1
A small boy is taking pictures while standing in sand.	The small boy is standing on cement.	0
A man on a boat getting ready to pull in his net to see what he caught.	The man is catching a shark in his net for dinner.	0
A man on a boat getting ready to pull in his net to see what he caught.	The man is getting his net out of the water to see if he caught a fish.	1
A bus full of people, among them a small boy in a blue shirt and a white ball cap.	A boy is wearing a shirt.	1
A bus full of people, among them a small boy in a blue shirt and a white ball cap.	The bus is empty.	0
A kid is jumping off the side of a mountain just outside a city.	Outside the city there's a mountain and there is a kid trying to jump off the side of it.	1
A kid is jumping off the side of a mountain just outside a city.	The kid is scared of jumping from the mountain.	0
Couple talking and looking in same direction, man is using a cellphone and wearing a gray sweatshirt woman is wearing a black coat.	The man is using a cellphone	1
Couple talking and looking in same direction, man is using a cellphone and wearing a gray sweatshirt woman is wearing a black coat.	There is no cellphone	0
A man is standing next to a woman and he is holding an electronic device to his ear.	a guy eats a pizza at a night club.	0
A man is standing next to a woman and he is holding an electronic device to his ear.	a man is talking to someone on a cell phone while a person nearby looks ahead.	1
A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	a man on a bike	0
A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	A man looks out the window of his car.	0
A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	people in a vehicle	1
A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	Several people are looking outside the window.	1
A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	A group of people traveling	1
A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	A group of people inside a windowless space.	0
A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	A man watches the ocean off his private yacht.	0
A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	At least one of these individuals is looking out the window.	1
A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	Group of people peer out the windows of a transit vehicle to the left.	1
A group of people inside some form of public transportation (such as a bus), are looking out the windows on the left side.	Everyone who is shown is in a private vehicle.	0
A man leaping from a rocky hill.	The man is outside.	1
A man leaping from a rocky hill.	The man is riding a jet ski.	0
A group of middle-aged adults are riding a bus and all looking to their left out the window.	Grown people are on a bus.	1
A group of middle-aged adults are riding a bus and all looking to their left out the window.	Adults are riding the train home after a busy day in the city.	0
A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	The tour bus is full of people.	1
A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	A group of people are riding on a bus.	1
A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	A group of people are being led on a musem tour.	0
A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	A group of people on a bus are observing something out their window.	1
A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	The bus can not go under 95 mph otherwise it will explode.	0
A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	Two dogs rowing a boat.	0
A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	People are on a bus.	1
A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	People are at home sitting in chairs.	0
A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	People are looking out the window.	1
A group of people are riding on a tour bus and viewing something interesting out the window.	A group of people are swimming in a pool.	0
Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	Two men are washing a window in front of others.	1
Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	A window washer is shocked as a boy with a dog throws a rock at the window.	0
Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	There are people working hard on a window near people.	1
Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	There are several people.	1
Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	Two workers are eating lunch on their break.	0
Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	Two workers are cleaning a wooden door entrance of a large building.	0
Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	There is only one person cleaning the window.	0
Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	The windows required cleaning.	1
Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	The men are working together on the same window	1
Two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.	The men are painting the security fence a solid black color while a cat plays with sting in the foreground.	0
Two workers in orange vests are cleaning the windows outside while other look on.	The workers were taking a break.	0
Two workers in orange vests are cleaning the windows outside while other look on.	There are workers outdoors.	1
A large crowd of people standing in Times Square, NYC.	The people are sitting in the grass on a farm.	0
A large crowd of people standing in Times Square, NYC.	The crowd is standing in Time Square.	1
The New York city streets filled with mobs of people.	A crowded street.	1
The New York city streets filled with mobs of people.	Boston after midnight.	0
Multiple people in a crowd listening to a speaker.	A chorus singing to one man.	0
Multiple people in a crowd listening to a speaker.	People listening to a speaker.	1
Two workers in orange vests perform their job.	Two men at work.	1
Two workers in orange vests perform their job.	Two hunters in orange looking for deer.	0
A park scene featuring people riding bikes.	People are outside in the park	1
A park scene featuring people riding bikes.	People are fishing in a lake	0
Here is six gentlemen who are in a band, all are playing different instruments.	They are sleeping.	0
Here is six gentlemen who are in a band, all are playing different instruments.	The gentlemen are in a band	1
A female ice skater in black tights and a yellow top.	He does a flip	0
A female ice skater in black tights and a yellow top.	She is wearing clothes	1
A construction worker in a white shirt walking towards a fence.	A worker is outside	1
A construction worker in a white shirt walking towards a fence.	A worker is indoors taking a break	0
A crowd of people watching a motorcycle event.	People are at a car show.	0
A crowd of people watching a motorcycle event.	People are watching motorcycles.	1
A young woman spins on the ice of a busy lake	A young woman spins on ice.	1
A young woman spins on the ice of a busy lake	A young woman is standing next to an icy lake.	0
A man is watching two boys play in the sand.	A man watches two boys play	1
A man is watching two boys play in the sand.	Two boys watch a man play in the sand	0
Children climb a tall structure and gather at the top in an obstacle challenge.	Children are climbing something.	1
There are two guys on motorcycles while a crowd watches on behind a barricade.	Two men are riding motorcycles in front of a crowd.	1
There are two guys on motorcycles while a crowd watches on behind a barricade.	One man is riding a moped.	0
Motorcycle stunt performer prepares for his next trick as the crowd looks on.	Two beetles on the floor of a restaurant.	0
Motorcycle stunt performer prepares for his next trick as the crowd looks on.	A person performs for a crowd.	1
Two men are sitting on their bikes, surrounded by a crowd.	The two men are alone.	0
Two men are sitting on their bikes, surrounded by a crowd.	The two men are surrounded by people.	1
A group of bulls are running down a street as people run and others watch.	Bulls are driving cars down the street.	0
A group of bulls are running down a street as people run and others watch.	People are watching bulls and other people run down the street.	1
A group of bulls are running down a street as people run and others watch.	Bulls are chasing people down the street.	1
A bride and her wedding party stand in front of a lighthouse and water.	The bride is sad because the groom ran away with the bestman.	0
A bride and her wedding party stand in front of a lighthouse and water.	The bride at the party is near the water with a strong light showing.	1
The bridal party is posing for a picture with the lake in the background.	The wedding photos are being taking in the kitchen.	0
The bridal party is posing for a picture with the lake in the background.	The brides wedding photos are being taken near the lake.	1
Bridesmaids and bride grooms are posing for a photo with the couple getting married.	People posing for a photo.	1
Bridesmaids and bride grooms are posing for a photo with the couple getting married.	People dancing in the open.	0
A bride standing in the middle of four men in tuxedos and three girls in teal dresses standing in front of the ocean.	A bride is talking to four men and three women.	0
A bride standing in the middle of four men in tuxedos and three girls in teal dresses standing in front of the ocean.	A bride stood inbetween four men and three girls at a wedding.	1
A young girl is sitting on the ground surrounded by other people.	The young girl is not alone.	1
A young girl is sitting on the ground surrounded by other people.	The young girl is by herself.	0
A child is wearing a white coat while squatting down in front of a person.	A child is with a person.	1
A child is wearing a white coat while squatting down in front of a person.	A child is running alone outside.	0
A little girl wearing a white jacket sits down on the sidewalk.	Girl in jacket sits on sidewalk.	1
A little girl wearing a white jacket sits down on the sidewalk.	A young girl sits on a couch.	0
A girl wearing a white hooded sweater is sitting on the ground.	A dog is sleeping.	0
A girl wearing a white hooded sweater is sitting on the ground.	A girl is sitting on the ground.	1
Two men wearing white helmets and neon construction vests, one holding a shovel, bend over while working on a sediment retention wall on the side of a road.	Two men look out a window.	0
Two men wearing white helmets and neon construction vests, one holding a shovel, bend over while working on a sediment retention wall on the side of a road.	Two men wear helmets.	1
a boy wearing yellow reads a book.	A girl is wearing pink and riding a bicycle.	0
a boy wearing yellow reads a book.	A boy is reading a book.	1
Cows and people running down street	The cows and people are inside.	0
Cows and people running down street	They are in the city.	1
A woman teaches a young boy about babies through a book.	A woman doing dishes while a boy dries them.	0
A woman teaches a young boy about babies through a book.	A woman helping a boy read a book.	1
two men work outdoors with equipment	2 men are working outdoors.	1
two men work outdoors with equipment	The 2 man are indoors.	0
A little boy with a yellow shirt is looking at a book someone is holding in front of him.	Nobody is holding anything	0
A little boy with a yellow shirt is looking at a book someone is holding in front of him.	A human holding something	1
A person in a sweater sits looking at a book with a child on their lap.	A individual wearing a sweater sitting and looking at a book as a child sitts on their lap.	1
A person in a sweater sits looking at a book with a child on their lap.	A person in a t-shirt running down a road with their child.	0
A man on a bicycle, holding a leash with a small dog, is riding by a seawall.	A man is walking alone in an alley.	0
A man on a bicycle, holding a leash with a small dog, is riding by a seawall.	A man is with his dog outside.	1
A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	A man and his dog walk along the beach.	0
A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	A man is riding a bike and walking his dog.	1
A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	The man has a cat.	0
A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	A man has a bike near the water.	1
A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	a man runs from a dog who is trying to attack him	0
A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	a man on a bicycle rides along a waterfront with a dog on a leash	1
A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	A man is feeding his cat.	0
A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	A man is outside.	1
A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	A man on a bike rides beside the water with a dog.	1
A man in shorts, on a bicycle, rides along side a wave-crashing waterfront while his leashed dog is to his right hand side.	The man is carrying the dog in his lap.	0
A woman in black laying face down on a mat in a tranquil room.	A woman sits on the grass.	0
A woman in black laying face down on a mat in a tranquil room.	The woman is indoors.	1
A man rides his bike while he walks his dog along a bulk-wall.	man walks dog	1
A man rides his bike while he walks his dog along a bulk-wall.	girl plays hop skotch	0
Woman lying face down on a matt in a yoga pose in her art studio with natural light from a nearby window shining in.	the woman is doing jumping jacks	0
Woman lying face down on a matt in a yoga pose in her art studio with natural light from a nearby window shining in.	the woman is lying down	1
A woman lays face down on her exercise mat next to a gazing pool.	a woman lays down	1
A woman lays face down on her exercise mat next to a gazing pool.	the woman is running a marathon	0
Woman lying face down on a white mat in a round with a stone floor as sunlight streams in the window onto the driftwood in the background.	The woman is sitting on the couch watching the television.	0
Woman lying face down on a white mat in a round with a stone floor as sunlight streams in the window onto the driftwood in the background.	The woman is lying on the floor during the day.	1
A bearded man talks on the phone while looking content.	A man talks on the phone.	1
A bearded man talks on the phone while looking content.	A man is listening to headphones.	0
The two girls and their dad are looking in at the path.	The three people are looking at something	1
The two girls and their dad are looking in at the path.	The old men are about to play chess	0
Three people sitting in lawn chairs, as three people look on in the background.	Some people are waiting on an elevator.	0
Three people sitting in lawn chairs, as three people look on in the background.	some people are seated while other people stand around.	1
Man cutting wood with electric saw.	Person cutting wood with electric saw.	1
Man cutting wood with electric saw.	Woman cutting wood with electric saw.	0
Six dogs walking beside the beach.	Six dogs are on the beach.	1
Six dogs walking beside the beach.	Six dogs are lying on the beach.	0
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.	They run along the street	0
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.	Their paws move along the sand	1
A bunch of dogs on a beach.	There are animals on the beach	1
A bunch of dogs on a beach.	The beach is dog free.	0
Man in shorts and t-shirt about to start using gliding workout equipment.	Some guy is lifting weights.	0
Man in shorts and t-shirt about to start using gliding workout equipment.	The guy is going to start his exercises.	1
Three people, two adult women and a young girl, talk about a clock the girl is holding.	The people are all female.	1
Three people, two adult women and a young girl, talk about a clock the girl is holding.	The women are the same age.	0
A woman wearing a red poncho is talking on her cellphone while holding her daughter who is wearing a pink dress.	The woman is using the computer while her child naps.	0
A woman wearing a red poncho is talking on her cellphone while holding her daughter who is wearing a pink dress.	A woman is holding a child.	1
A woman wearing a red flowered shawl is on her cellphone while carrying a little girl in a pink dress.	The woman is talking on her cellphone.	1
A woman wearing a red flowered shawl is on her cellphone while carrying a little girl in a pink dress.	A man and a boy play with a small dog.	0
A dark-haired woman on her cellphone holds a little girl wearing a bright pink dress.	A mother holder her daughter.	1
A dark-haired woman on her cellphone holds a little girl wearing a bright pink dress.	A man on his cellphone holds his little boy.	0
A little girl in a pink dress is being held by a woman who is on her cellphone.	A grandmother holds her granddaughter, who is holding a pink toy phone.	0
A little girl in a pink dress is being held by a woman who is on her cellphone.	A woman talking on a phone holds her daughter in a pink outfit.	1
A man rides his dirt bike through the woods.	A man is riding a dirt bike through a forest.	1
A man rides his dirt bike through the woods.	A girl is dancing ballet.	0
Four women in all black barefoot posing on the beach with sailboats in the distance.	a man poses on the beach	0
Four women in all black barefoot posing on the beach with sailboats in the distance.	four women posing on the beach	1
A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of some steps at night.	The man is sitting on the steps.	0
A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of some steps at night.	There is a man awake at night.	1
A woman is being filmed in a busy city.	A woman filming a video in the country.	0
A woman is being filmed in a busy city.	A video is being made of a woman.	1
a man in a red shirt at the top of a set of stairs with arena lights on in the background	Nobody has a shirt	0
a man in a red shirt at the top of a set of stairs with arena lights on in the background	A human in a shirt	1
A man stands at the top of a flight of stairs at the entrance to a stadium.	A person is at a stadium.	1
A man stands at the top of a flight of stairs at the entrance to a stadium.	Nobody is at the stadium.	0
A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	A group of people laughing	0
A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	The crew is wearing yellow and orange jackets.	1
A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	Workers preparing for the day	1
A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	Some people are near jackets.	1
A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	A crew cut is waiting around.	0
A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	A construction crew is waiting around.	1
A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	A crew is waiting around.	1
A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	The crew is wearing brown jackets.	0
A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	The person is alone in her bedroom asleep on Jupiter.	0
A construction crew is waiting around with yellow and orange jackets.	The crew is working hard.	0
A newswoman being filmed in Times Square.	She is in Japan.	0
A newswoman being filmed in Times Square.	She is in New York City	1
This is a view of time square in New York.	This is outside in a large city on the East Coast of the United States.	1
This is a view of time square in New York.	This is a truck stop in the Nevada desert.	0
A woman sings to a crowd of people.	A woman is singing.	1
A woman sings to a crowd of people.	The woman is running down the street.	0
People standing in mud.	There is mud and people are in it.	1
People standing in mud.	Some people sit on lawnchairs.	0
A woman wearing a dress is standing on a lighted stage singing into a microphone in front of a large crowd.	A man is singing into a microphone.	0
A woman wearing a dress is standing on a lighted stage singing into a microphone in front of a large crowd.	A woman is performing.	1
A woman in a dress is on stage performing before an audience while someone plays a keyboard in the background.	 A woman in a dress is performing before an audience while someone plays a keyboard in the background.	1
A woman in a dress is on stage performing before an audience while someone plays a keyboard in the background.	A girl picks a flower from the sidewalk.	0
A woman in a dress is on stage performing before an audience while someone plays a keyboard in the background.	 A woman in a dress is on stage performing before an audience while someone plays a keyboard.	1
A woman in a light colored dress is singing to an audience.	A person is performing.	1
A woman in a light colored dress is singing to an audience.	A woman is drinking a glass of wine with her meal.	0
People in an audience listening to a woman on stage singing to them.	the woman is singing	1
People in an audience listening to a woman on stage singing to them.	The man is singing	0
A dog walks along a beach.	A dog is walking.	1
A dog walks along a beach.	A dog is walking down a mountain.	0
A dog walks on the sand along the water.	A fish swims along the edge of the water.	0
A dog walks on the sand along the water.	A canine trots over the sand at the water's edge.	1
A white dog running on the beach.	A dog is on the beach.	1
A white dog running on the beach.	A dog is on the couch sleeping.	0
The dog is walking on the sand beside the ocean.	A dog sits on a blanket.	0
The dog is walking on the sand beside the ocean.	A dog strolls along the beach.	1
Two people working in mud.	Some people and some mud.	1
Two people working in mud.	A person sitting in a lobby.	0
A group of performers clap on stage.	the entertainers are performing	1
A group of performers clap on stage.	the group is sitting is dining outside	0
Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Two people are wearing the same shirts.	1
Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Two people are wearing identical white shirts.	1
Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	A group of people, two in white, applaud.	1
Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Two people are wearing identical blue shirts.	0
Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Five people clapping	1
Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Five people are clapping.	1
Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	People, all of which have black shirts, sit looking bored.	0
Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Young teens partying in pool.	0
Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	No one is wearing a shirt in the picture.	0
Five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.	Five people are punching each other.	0
Five people, three men and two women, are standing in a line clapping in front of a banner.	There are only men.	0
Five people, three men and two women, are standing in a line clapping in front of a banner.	Some people are clapping.	1
Five adults, three men and two women, in casual attire are applauding during what appears to be recognition of a group participating in some sort of event.	The people are quiet and watching the event.	0
Five adults, three men and two women, in casual attire are applauding during what appears to be recognition of a group participating in some sort of event.	The people are applauding.	1
Two people a man and a woman on stage demonstration the martial arts to a crowd.	The couple were fighting over an argument of who should keep the cat.	0
Two people a man and a woman on stage demonstration the martial arts to a crowd.	The people on stage were demonstrating karate.	1
In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	The martial artists wielded weapons.	1
In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	Two women are doing yoga.	0
In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	two adults sho fight skills	1
In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	the two adults are on a lunch date	0
In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	the two people are eating food	0
In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	The kids are playing.	0
In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	A man and woman are giving a martial arts demonstration.	1
In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	They are doing something with swords.	1
In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	two people are holding weapons	1
In a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a Chinese spear.	The martial artists had no weapons.	0
A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	The match is in the pool.	0
A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	two martial arts fighters compete against each other	1
A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	The two fighters were being competitive.	1
A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	The martial arts fighters were practicing.	0
A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	A competition match between two gorillas	0
A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	2 female mma fighting are standing on scales at the weigh in.	0
A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	Two dogs ride around on tricycles	0
A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	Two martial arts competitors are having a match	1
A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	2 mma fighting compete.	1
A competition match between two martial arts fighters.	The fighters are trying to win.	1
five people clapping on a stage	The people are sitting in the seats applauding the performers.	0
five people clapping on a stage	The people on the stage are applauding.	1
A woman in an orange outfit is weaving.	A woman is doing pushups.	0
A woman in an orange outfit is weaving.	A person is wearing an orange outfit.	1
A black-haired woman in a bright red shirt works at a loom.	A black-haired woman is weaving at a loom	1
A black-haired woman in a bright red shirt works at a loom.	A woman is sewing curtains at a sewing machine	0
A woman wearing gold jewelry weaves a beautiful piece.	A woman is wearing gold jewelry.	1
A woman wearing gold jewelry weaves a beautiful piece.	A woman is wearing a silver bracelet and brushing her teeth.	0
A woman in an orange shirt is weaving.	A woman in an orange shirt is weaving.	1
A woman in an orange shirt is weaving.	A woman is knitting a scarf for her granddaughter.	0
White woman with a green hard helmet, black spaghetti string tank top, and blue jeans, in front of a stoop outside of a building during a sunny day.	There is a woman in a helmet.	1
White woman with a green hard helmet, black spaghetti string tank top, and blue jeans, in front of a stoop outside of a building during a sunny day.	The woman is waiting for rainfall.	0
A woman in a green hard hat is standing at the bottom of a small staircase with her purse in one hand.	This woman searches the top of a staircase for her lost purse.	0
A woman in a green hard hat is standing at the bottom of a small staircase with her purse in one hand.	This woman's head is covered.	1
Lady standing in front of a building with a green construction hat.	The lady standing in front of the building has a purple construction hat.	0
Lady standing in front of a building with a green construction hat.	The lady in front of the building has a green construction hat.	1
woman in green hard hat walking down the street with purse.	A woman is sitting in the chair.	0
woman in green hard hat walking down the street with purse.	A lady is outside on the street.	1
Lady wearing a green work helmet and holding a bag.	The woman is wearing a straw hat.	0
Lady wearing a green work helmet and holding a bag.	A woman is wearing a hat.	1
A man laughs next to a woman wearing a pink hat, and holding a pink balloon.	A woman holding a balloon.	1
A man laughs next to a woman wearing a pink hat, and holding a pink balloon.	A man hosting a magic show.	0
A red-haired bearded man wearing a blue t-shirt.	There is a guy with a blue shirt who has red hair.	1
A red-haired bearded man wearing a blue t-shirt.	There is a woman with a yellow shit.	0
A boat floating in the water with seagulls flying above.	A seagull floating in the water with boats flying above.	0
A boat floating in the water with seagulls flying above.	A boat floating in the water with birds flying above.	1
A few men on a boat in the ocean with a flock of seagulls nearby.	One man sits alone on an island.	0
A few men on a boat in the ocean with a flock of seagulls nearby.	There are men near a group of birds.	1
Two people are rowing a boat as a flock of birds pass them.	The two people are surfing.	0
Two people are rowing a boat as a flock of birds pass them.	The birds passed the people.	1
Two people are rowing a boat through blue sparkling water as birds fly overhead.	The two people in the row boat are sitting quietly watching the birds fly over their head.	0
Two people are rowing a boat through blue sparkling water as birds fly overhead.	Birds are flying over two people in a row boat.	1
There are two men, one wearing a shirt, one is n't, both wearing red pants and holding onto a ladder with both arms and their legs extended out into the air.	Two men are wearing red pants.	1
There are two men, one wearing a shirt, one is n't, both wearing red pants and holding onto a ladder with both arms and their legs extended out into the air.	Two men are playing baseball.	0
Two men wearing red pants and holding onto a vertical ladder, appear to be doing acrobats outside a building.	The men's pants are red.	1
Two men wearing red pants and holding onto a vertical ladder, appear to be doing acrobats outside a building.	Nobody has pants	0
Two men wearing red pants and holding onto a vertical ladder, appear to be doing acrobats outside a building.	The ladder is on the floor.	0
Two men wearing red pants and holding onto a vertical ladder, appear to be doing acrobats outside a building.	A person in pants	1
Two men are performing a dangerous stunt on a high ladder.	Two men are working on a car.	0
Two men are performing a dangerous stunt on a high ladder.	Two men are performing a stunt.	1
Two men in red pants do acrobatics with a ladder.	A ladder is used to do acrobatics by the men.	1
Two men in red pants do acrobatics with a ladder.	Two men in green pants are doing acrobatics with fire.	0
Two men in red pants climbing up a ladder.	The men are sitting on a couch.	0
Two men in red pants climbing up a ladder.	The men are wearing pants.	1
People are biking in a public walkways.	People are riding their bikes.	1
People are biking in a public walkways.	The bikers are riding on the street in the bike lane.	0
A young boy is making steaks on a barbecue.	A boy cooks.	1
A young boy is making steaks on a barbecue.	My granny does parkour.	0
Two men on a green sports field dive towards a Frisbee.	The men are going after the frisbee.	1
Two men on a green sports field dive towards a Frisbee.	The men are walking on a tightrope.	0
Two guys in baseball caps are trying to catch a frisbee, one has caught it.	Two men are playing frisbee.	1
Two guys in baseball caps are trying to catch a frisbee, one has caught it.	Two men are playing golf.	0
Two people run and dive, one has a frisbee.	Two people are sleep.	0
Two people run and dive, one has a frisbee.	Two people run and dive	1
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.	There is a woman eating in a restaurant	1
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.	There is a woman eating a burger	0
Three men in wearing black jacket and holding microphone standing behind a desk.	Three men wearing black jackets and holding microphone standing behind a desk.	1
Three men in wearing black jacket and holding microphone standing behind a desk.	Three women wearing white jackets and holding microphone hiding behind a desk.	0
Three men in wearing black jacket and holding microphone standing behind a desk.	Three men are standing behind a desk.	1
Three gentlemen wearing jackets and holding microphones standing around a table, waiting to either begin or continue sportscasting.	People in jackets	1
Three gentlemen wearing jackets and holding microphones standing around a table, waiting to either begin or continue sportscasting.	Nobody has a jacket	0
Three males with red microphones on a green sporting field of some sort.	The men are standing on a playing field.	1
Three males with red microphones on a green sporting field of some sort.	Three men stand on a basketball court.	0
Three men in black jackets stand by a desk in a field holding red microphones.	A woman is holding a blue microphone.	0
Three men in black jackets stand by a desk in a field holding red microphones.	Men are standing by a desk with microphones.	1
A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A member of the armed forces is photographed on a military encampment.	1
A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A military man stands next to a dog.	1
A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A man is standing next to a monkey.	0
A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A dog in a military uniform walks his human through a barren landscape.	0
A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A military man lays in a fox hole to avoid gunfire.	0
A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	The military personnel are standing at attention.	1
A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A soldier and his dog at a military event.	1
A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	Predator is hunting the military men as they attempt to get to the choppa.	0
A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A member of the Army is running with a gun in hand.	0
A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.	A man is standing next to a dog.	1
Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	Two rats running on a wheel.	0
Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	A man takes a walk without his dog.	0
Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	Three men are practicing synchronized swimming.	0
Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	The uniformed men are running towards some vehicles.	0
Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	A man walks his observant dog in front of people.	1
Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	Three men and a dog standing around.	1
Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	Not all of the men have the same uniform.	1
Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	A man is walking a cat.	0
Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	A man is walking a dog.	1
Two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.	There are three men and a dog.	1
Two men stand guard as one man walks a dog.	There are three men	1
Two men stand guard as one man walks a dog.	The man is alone	0
The Army also trained their man and also the man best friend.	The army train these people to sing.	0
The Army also trained their man and also the man best friend.	The army trains these people.	1
Two women dressed in all white and wearing high heels are walking on the street.	Women are walking	1
Two women dressed in all white and wearing high heels are walking on the street.	The women are dressed in black	0
The back of two skinny models wearing white t-shirts and short shorts with high heels on passing by the camera equipment	The models are are wearing sneakers.	0
The back of two skinny models wearing white t-shirts and short shorts with high heels on passing by the camera equipment	The models are in the middle of a photoshoot.	1
two women wearing white prepare to do some type of videography.	two men wearing white prepare to do some type of videography.	0
two women wearing white prepare to do some type of videography.	two person wearing white prepare to do some type of videography.	1
The girls look sexy walking in their white shorts and high heels.	Boys playing in the park.	0
The girls look sexy walking in their white shorts and high heels.	People walking in high heels.	1
A man in blue overalls plays the guitar.	The man is wearing red pants.	0
A man in blue overalls plays the guitar.	The man is playing an instrument.	1
A group of people are walking while holding numerous baskets and rugs.	Two dogs play on a rug in the living room.	0
A group of people are walking while holding numerous baskets and rugs.	A crowd of people walking and holding things.	1
A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	People are walking down a country road.	0
A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	The people are walking down the street.	1
A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	people on a cruise ship in the middle of nowhere	0
A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	people on sidewalks	1
A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	The people are in a trance and are walking off a bridge.	0
A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	There are historical buildings in a city.	1
A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	A city with historical buildings has people on the sidewalks being abducted by aliens.	0
A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	The people are in the middle of the ocean.	0
A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	A city with historical buildings has people on the sidewalks.	1
A city with historical buildings at a distance on each side of the street with people on the sidewalks looking on.	The people are outside.	1
Two individuals carrying numerous products to sell are walking on a beach.	People set up a stand to sell shells in a mall.	0
Two individuals carrying numerous products to sell are walking on a beach.	People preparing to sell items walk a beach.	1
A man carrying many woven baskets next to a man carrying a stack of rugs on his back.	The men are cooking spaghetti.	0
A man carrying many woven baskets next to a man carrying a stack of rugs on his back.	The men carry their burdens.	1
Two people walking laden down with baskets and blankets.	Two people are carrying a lot of things.	1
Two people walking laden down with baskets and blankets.	A group of people is putting some bags in a car.	0
A boy stands alone in a classroom.	The boy gives a presentation to a full classroom.	0
A boy stands alone in a classroom.	The guy is alone in the room.	1
A kid in a blue shirt playing on a playground.	A kid playing on a playground wearing a blue shirt	1
A kid in a blue shirt playing on a playground.	A kid writing his homework	0
this Child is in a ClassRoom, finished for the day, maybe	A child is in the classroomm.	1
A child retrieves something from his desk in his empty classroom.	The child is alone.	1
A child retrieves something from his desk in his empty classroom.	The child is watching TV at home.	0
A boy standing next to a desk in classroom.	The boy is in a classroom.	1
A boy standing next to a desk in classroom.	The boy is outside.	0
A small boy is standing next to a table in a classroom.	A small boy is in a classroom.	1
A small boy is standing next to a table in a classroom.	A small boy stands on a table.	0
A young girl, on a road, playing on the ice.	The young girl is on a beach.	0
A young girl, on a road, playing on the ice.	The girl is outdoors on a road .	1
Two women are observing something at a meeting.	Women are observing at a meeting.	1
Two women are observing something at a meeting.	A boy is playing on his phone.	0
A man wearing overalls and a hat is playing acoustic guitar outside.	A guitar player in overalls and a hat plays outside.	1
A man wearing overalls and a hat is playing acoustic guitar outside.	A guitar player sleeps inside the bar.	0
A woman in a headscarf is kneeling on the ground praying.	The woman is religious.	1
A woman in a headscarf is kneeling on the ground praying.	The woman is standing.	0
A woman wearing a skirt and a headscarf is on her knees, bowing and praying on a bumpy sidewalk while pedestrians walk toward her.	woman on her knees	1
A woman wearing a skirt and a headscarf is on her knees, bowing and praying on a bumpy sidewalk while pedestrians walk toward her.	leopard in tree	0
A woman is kneeling in the middle of the street.	A woman is on her knees in the street.	1
A woman is kneeling in the middle of the street.	A woman is dancing in the street.	0
A woman praying to her gods.	A female prays to her chosen deity.	1
A woman praying to her gods.	A man gestures defiantly to his gods.	0
A man dressed in rags, a pajamas and a hat is taking a picture of himself by shooting at a mirror in front of him.	the man is dressed in a clean tuxedo	0
A man dressed in rags, a pajamas and a hat is taking a picture of himself by shooting at a mirror in front of him.	a man is badly dressed	1
A man with long hair in peculiar clothing is in front of a mirror while holding a camera.	The guy is filming himself.	1
A man with long hair in peculiar clothing is in front of a mirror while holding a camera.	The guy is taking a nap by the mirror	0
A person dressed in natural clothing taking their picture in a mirror.	the person is nude at the bay	0
A person dressed in natural clothing taking their picture in a mirror.	a person dressed up	1
A man wearing leather takes a picture of crystal.	The man is in love with a bowling ball.	0
A man wearing leather takes a picture of crystal.	The man wearing leather is taking a picture.	1
A person taking pictures in the mirror.	a man holding his son	0
A person taking pictures in the mirror.	a person taking selfies	1
A girl swims in the blue-green waters.	Girl standing in the snow	0
A girl swims in the blue-green waters.	Girl swimming outside	1
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.	Three dogs are sleeping.	0
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.	Three dogs are playing.	1
A woman crouches near three dogs in a field.	The woman is watching sports.	0
A woman crouches near three dogs in a field.	A woman is crouching.	1
Three dogs are standing in the grass and a person is sitting next to them	Dogs are standing and a person is sitting next to them.	1
Three dogs are standing in the grass and a person is sitting next to them	Three cats are standing in the grass and a person is sitting next to them	0
Little boy with orange shirt jumps off of small yellow foot stool, indoors.	a little boy jumps	1
Little boy with orange shirt jumps off of small yellow foot stool, indoors.	the boy is hiding under his bed	0
Three dogs on a grassy hill	three dogs are in a restaurant	0
Three dogs on a grassy hill	Three dogs are outside	1
A girl dancing with four boys watching.	A girl is dancing with one of the four	0
A girl dancing with four boys watching.	A girl is moving her feet	1
A group of teenagers stand in a park.	The group of adolescents are at the park.	1
A group of teenagers stand in a park.	A group of teenagers are running through the park.	0
A group of boys and girls sit and talk together under a tree	young children talk under a tree	1
A group of boys and girls sit and talk together under a tree	adults are fighting with each other	0
The six kids are in the shade of a leafy green tree.	Six kids are under a tree.	1
The six kids are in the shade of a leafy green tree.	Six kids place inside.	0
Teenagers socializing in the shade.	A man is dancing	0
Teenagers socializing in the shade.	Teenagers are hanging together	1
A young woman in a pink top holds several shopping bags while walking down a boulevard.	A woman is walking down the street holding nothing.	0
A young woman in a pink top holds several shopping bags while walking down a boulevard.	A woman is walking down a street.	1
A child and parent pet a horse.	A mule kicks a clown.	0
A child and parent pet a horse.	Two people riding a pony.	1
A family pets a brown and white pony	A dog jumps.	0
A family pets a brown and white pony	A group of people pet a pony.	1
A toddler is petting a brown and cream colored pony.	A young child is petting the animal.	1
A toddler is petting a brown and cream colored pony.	The old man is riding on a pony away from police.	0
The man holds the child while the child pets a brown horse.	The woman holds the child while the child pets a brown horse.	0
The man holds the child while the child pets a brown horse.	The person holds the child while the child pets a brown horse.	1
Several men are sitting on a sidewalk.	Several men are standing in line at the cinema.	0
Several men are sitting on a sidewalk.	The men are sitting outside.	1
A group of men are relaxing on a sidewalk.	a group of men relax	1
A group of men are relaxing on a sidewalk.	a group of men are smoking in the sewer	0
A couple watch as two young boys show them an item outside a barn while two young girls stand off to the side.	There are people playing football.	0
A couple watch as two young boys show them an item outside a barn while two young girls stand off to the side.	There are people around a barn.	1
The gentlemen wait not speaking to one another.	the women wait	0
The gentlemen wait not speaking to one another.	the gentlemen wait	1
A young child is jumping off a yellow stool inside a room in a house.	A kid leaps from a stool.	1
A young child is jumping off a yellow stool inside a room in a house.	An old man sits on a bench with a fishing pole.	0
A little girl is playing outside in the cold on ice.	There is a little girl outside.	1
A little girl is playing outside in the cold on ice.	A couple is kissing on the beach.	0
Asian man with black t-shirt works on a laptop.	A man is walking across the floor.	0
Asian man with black t-shirt works on a laptop.	There is a man holding a laptop.	1
There are a variety of produce goods at a market.	The market only has one type of vegetable.	0
There are a variety of produce goods at a market.	The market has a lot of different produce.	1
A man is cleaning a large boulder laying on a pallet.	The man is sitting inside the church, praying.	0
A man is cleaning a large boulder laying on a pallet.	The man is near the boulder.	1
An artist in a black sweater is sculpting large rocks.	A painter paints a house.	0
An artist in a black sweater is sculpting large rocks.	An artist sculpting.	1
A rock sculptor working on a rock.	A person is sculpting a rock.	1
A rock sculptor working on a rock.	A person throwing a rock in the pond.	0
Old woman in the winter walking by a glamour store.	A woman is walking by a store.	1
Old woman in the winter walking by a glamour store.	The woman is flying on a broom to the moon.	0
Parishioners enjoying themselves at a church dinner.	Women color eggs.	0
Parishioners enjoying themselves at a church dinner.	The people enjoy the church dinner.	1
A sculptor is carving stone.	A sculptor is carving	1
A sculptor is carving stone.	A sculptor is carving diamonds	0
Men turn to the camera to smile on the middle of three long tables in a refectory.	The man is not smiling.	0
Men turn to the camera to smile on the middle of three long tables in a refectory.	The man is smiling.	1
A group of men sit around a table that has empty bottles on it.	The men are sitting in a hot tub.	0
A group of men sit around a table that has empty bottles on it.	There are empty bottles on the table.	1
The dog is jumping into the lake.	A dog kneeling to its master.	0
The dog is jumping into the lake.	An animal jumping.	1
A woman with a blue bandanna riding a horse with a group of other horses and riders in the background.	The horse is being rode.	1
A woman with a blue bandanna riding a horse with a group of other horses and riders in the background.	The bandanna is red.	0
The black dog is running down the grassy knoll to jump in the water below.	The dog is swimming to shore.	0
The black dog is running down the grassy knoll to jump in the water below.	The animal is preparing to jump into the water.	1
A black dog leaps from the bank into a body of water, with a field of dry grass in the background.	A cat is swimming in the tub.	0
A black dog leaps from the bank into a body of water, with a field of dry grass in the background.	A dog jumps into the water by a field.	1
A black lab runs headlong into a lake surrounded by farmland.	There are dogs outside.	0
A black lab runs headlong into a lake surrounded by farmland.	The black lab is standing still by the ocean.	0
A lone hiker proceeds along a trail outdoors in the daytime, on a cobblestone path leading to a stone staircase going up the hillside.	The hiker is asleep on the couch.	0
A lone hiker proceeds along a trail outdoors in the daytime, on a cobblestone path leading to a stone staircase going up the hillside.	The hiker is outdoors.	1
A person walking in front of a white building with blue doors and windows.	a person is in front of a white building	1
A person walking in front of a white building with blue doors and windows.	there is no one within miles of the white building	0
A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	The dog is swimming in the lake.	0
A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A person is sleeping.	0
A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A person is outside.	1
A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A naked man runs down the hall.	0
A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A person walking down the street.	1
A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	Someone is walking down the street.	1
A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	The man in the picture is outside	1
A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A city municipal worker begins to cut down the tree in the park across from the office building.	0
A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	Someone walks down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a structure.	1
A person walking down the street in a brown jacket and orange hat in front of a building with a blue balcony.	A man in a blue hat walking.	0
A person in a brown jacket and red hat are walking by an adobe house with a blue door.	A person walking outside.	1
A person in a brown jacket and red hat are walking by an adobe house with a blue door.	A person is sitting down.	0
Two hikers scale a tiered hillside.	a group of people sitting around	0
Two hikers scale a tiered hillside.	a couple of people go up a hill	1
A person with a red hat is walking down the street.	A woman in a red dress is running down the lane.	0
A person with a red hat is walking down the street.	A red-hatted person is ambling along the road.	1
A barefoot toddler wearing a yellow blouse and a floral print skirt holds a green toy up to her mouth with her right hand while standing on a blanket out in the yard and clinging with her left hand to some adult's hand.	The child holds the hand of an adult.	1
A barefoot toddler wearing a yellow blouse and a floral print skirt holds a green toy up to her mouth with her right hand while standing on a blanket out in the yard and clinging with her left hand to some adult's hand.	The child is taking the dog for a walk.	0
A little girl dressed in yellow with something in her mouth.	A little girl spits out of her mouth.	0
A little girl dressed in yellow with something in her mouth.	A girl is wearing yellow clothes.	1
A toddler girl in a flowered skirt is chewing on a toy.	Toddler drinks from a sippy-cup.	0
A toddler girl in a flowered skirt is chewing on a toy.	Toddler chews on toy.	1
A little girls sits on a blanket and chews a toy.	Teething baby playing on the floor.	1
A little girls sits on a blanket and chews a toy.	Dog chews on rubber bone.	0
Six kids splash in water	Kids are in water.	1
Six kids splash in water	An adult sits in a chair.	0
Six shirtless children are playing in natural water and splashing around.	A single adult waters her lawn.	0
Six shirtless children are playing in natural water and splashing around.	A group of children play in the water.	1
People are walking in the shade.	People are sleep outside	0
People are walking in the shade.	People are in the shade	1
Kids play in the water	Kids playing in water.	1
Kids play in the water	Adults are playing in water.	0
A farm woman wearing blue waders, a pink shirt, and a straw hat is harvesting rice in a paddock.	There is a cow providing assistance with the rice harvest.	0
A farm woman wearing blue waders, a pink shirt, and a straw hat is harvesting rice in a paddock.	The woman knows how to harvest rice.	1
Girls in a line do a dance.	There are girls in a line.	1
Girls in a line do a dance.	Some girls in a line are doing a dance with eachother.	1
Girls in a line do a dance.	The girls in a line are sleeping.	0
A lady holding a little girl's hand in a subway.	Two sisters hold hands on a tram.	0
A lady holding a little girl's hand in a subway.	An woman clutches a young girl's hand in an underground train.	1
A man in a blue hat sits on a bench.	the man is standing	0
A man in a blue hat sits on a bench.	the man is wearing blue clothes	1
A man in a black shirt sitting on a park bench.	The man is outdoors.	1
A man in a black shirt sitting on a park bench.	The man is sitting at home on the sofa.	0
A man in a black baseball cap is sitting on a bench.	A man is running toward first base.	0
A man in a black baseball cap is sitting on a bench.	A man is relaxing	1
A man in blue jeans and hat is sitting outdoors on a bench.	The man has legs.	1
A man in blue jeans and hat is sitting outdoors on a bench.	The man is on fire.	0
A man sits alone on a bench.	A man is sitting.	1
A man sits alone on a bench.	The man is standing.	0
A man sits alone on a bench.	A man occupys a bench.	1
A man sits alone on a bench.	A man is on a bench.	1
A man sits alone on a bench.	A man is standing alone on a bench.	0
A man sits alone on a bench.	A man walks across the road.	0
A man sits alone on a bench.	The man is standing.	0
A man sits alone on a bench.	The man is sitting.	1
A man sits alone on a bench.	A man sits with his friend on a bench	0
A man sits alone on a bench.	There is a person sitting	1
Two young men write in their journals in an airport.	There are people in an airport.	1
Two young men write in their journals in an airport.	Two young men are playing video games while waiting for their plane.	0
A man in a blue hat is sitting on the steps of a statue in an Asian area.	the man is making the statue	0
A man in a blue hat is sitting on the steps of a statue in an Asian area.	the area is crowded	1
A grandmother prepares snacks for her granddaughter.	A woman is preparing snacks.	1
A grandmother prepares snacks for her granddaughter.	A woman is fixing dinner.	0
A group of people have gathered in a grassy field on a sunny day.	The people are sitting inside watching a movie	0
A group of people have gathered in a grassy field on a sunny day.	Some people are in a field	1
A small dog in front of a yellow tube on grass.	The small dog is standing on the window ledge inside.	0
A small dog in front of a yellow tube on grass.	The small dog is in the grass outside.	1
A small white dog walks through a yellow tube.	A brown dog is running down a hill.	0
A small white dog walks through a yellow tube.	A white dog is walking through a yellow tube.	1
A little brown and white dog emerges from a yellow collapsable toy tunnel onto the lawn.	The dog is on the bed.	0
A little brown and white dog emerges from a yellow collapsable toy tunnel onto the lawn.	The dog is small.	1
A group of runners is trying to complete a race.	A group of runners are cooking.	0
A group of runners is trying to complete a race.	People are performing a physical activity.	1
Two passengers work on writing in their journals while waiting for a plane.	Passengers are taking a nap before their flight.	0
Two passengers work on writing in their journals while waiting for a plane.	Passengers are waiting for a plane.	1
A dog coming out of a large yellow tube.	An animal is in a tube.	1
A dog coming out of a large yellow tube.	A dog is sitting.	0
A man sits on the base of a statue.	The base of a statue has a man sitting on it.	1
A man sits on the base of a statue.	A school teacher leads a group of children through a park.	0
The girls are dancing and wearing leather outfits.	The girls danced in leather outfits.	1
The girls are dancing and wearing leather outfits.	The cotton of the outfits were too small.	0
A woman wearing a green shirt is sliding down a purple slide.	The woman is inside her house	0
A woman wearing a green shirt is sliding down a purple slide.	She is near a playground	1
a woman in a green tank top sliding down a slide with her arms in the air.	The woman is on the slide.	1
a woman in a green tank top sliding down a slide with her arms in the air.	The girl in the blue shirt is on the swings.	0
Woman riding down a pink slide with arms raised.	A woman on a slide.	1
Woman riding down a pink slide with arms raised.	A man on a slide.	0
A woman in a green tank top riding down a festival slide.	A lady is riding down a slide.	1
A woman in a green tank top riding down a festival slide.	A blonde in a blue top is riding a horse.	0
A girl goes down a slide on a gray sack.	The girl is dancing in a fountain.	0
A girl goes down a slide on a gray sack.	A female is playing.	1
A man is hooking some wires up to test a guitar.	A guy hooks up wires to a guitar.	1
A man is hooking some wires up to test a guitar.	The man is playing his drumset.	0
A small dog jumping on a street.	The running in street with dog is sleepingc	0
A small dog jumping on a street.	A dog is having fun running on the street	1
The dog is jumping in the air.	The dog is jumping.	1
The dog is jumping in the air.	the dog is sleeping.	0
A little white dog jumping on the ground.	A dog is asleep.	0
A little white dog jumping on the ground.	A dog jumps.	1
A white dog is jumping on the street.	The dog is outside.	1
A white dog is jumping on the street.	The dog is sitting still on the street.	0
An old man with a camera staring at art in a park.	The old man is looking at the artwork.	1
An old man with a camera staring at art in a park.	The old man is smoking a joint at the zoo with his son.	0
A dog leaps down the road.	The dog is going somewhere.	1
A dog leaps down the road.	The dog is sitting, scratching itself.	0
Two men are holding red microphones and white towels.	Men are holding some objects.	1
Two men are holding red microphones and white towels.	A woman is giving a speech.	0
A man in medieval armor rides atop a horse.	The man is dressed as a fireman.	0
A man in medieval armor rides atop a horse.	The man is on an animal.	1
A person dressed as a medieval knight, with a red and yellow shield, is on a horse with a green background.	guy on a horse at a medieval times reenactment.	1
A person dressed as a medieval knight, with a red and yellow shield, is on a horse with a green background.	A person sitting on a cow with a green background.	0
A person dressed as a medieval knight, with a red and yellow shield, is on a horse with a green background.	A person on a horse.	1
A knight in full armor, including a protective, ventilated headpiece, rides his horse and carries his shield.	A knight in full armor, including a protective, ventilated headpiece, doesn't ride his horse	0
A knight in full armor, including a protective, ventilated headpiece, rides his horse and carries his shield.	A knight in full armor, including a protective, ventilated headpiece, rides his horse	1
A woman in a flowered dress carrying greens.	A boy grabs a picnic basket.	0
A woman in a flowered dress carrying greens.	Theres a woman walking with food.	1
Someone in thin-metal armor, riding a horse and carrying a yellow and red shield.	the person is wearing armor	1
Someone in thin-metal armor, riding a horse and carrying a yellow and red shield.	there are dogs on a horse	0
A woman in a salon gets her hair colored and permed	A woman gets her nails done at the spa.	0
A woman in a salon gets her hair colored and permed	A wooman getting her hair done at the salon.	1
Woman in salon is giving her customer a perm.	Customer in beauty salon is having her hair done	1
Woman in salon is giving her customer a perm.	Woman is taking a class in self defense at the local school	0
The woman who is standing is looking at the hair of the woman who is sitting.	men are swimming in the pool	0
The woman who is standing is looking at the hair of the woman who is sitting.	woman is staring at another female	1
A hair dresser is applying permed on a client's hair in a salon.	A person is touching someones hair.	1
A hair dresser is applying permed on a client's hair in a salon.	A lady is setting someones hair on fire.	0
Three children are playing outside and one of them is unhappy.	Kids outside playing.	1
Three children are playing outside and one of them is unhappy.	Cows on the side of the road.	0
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.	a guy gets a shave	0
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.	a person getting a haircut	1
Three individuals climbing up a mountain on skis.	Six people are sitting around a campfire on a mountain.	0
Three individuals climbing up a mountain on skis.	Three people are skiing.	1
Hockey players in yellow, orange, and blue jerseys smash against the rink's edge, as attendees look on.	A pinball machine is lit up in green and red neon lights.	0
Hockey players in yellow, orange, and blue jerseys smash against the rink's edge, as attendees look on.	Hockey players check into the walls of the rink.	1
Two men in construction clothing and hard hats standing on scaffolding	Everyone is nude.	0
Two men in construction clothing and hard hats standing on scaffolding	People are off the ground.	1
Four women's hockey players scramble for a loose puck as it skips along the boards.	Four people are playing a sport.	1
Four women's hockey players scramble for a loose puck as it skips along the boards.	The four woman are making Christmas tree ornaments.	0
A man in a black sweater is painting in front of the river.	A person in a black sweater is painting in front of the river.	1
A man in a black sweater is painting in front of the river.	A woman in a black sweater is painting in front of the river.	0
An elderly man in a black shirt with glasses painting a picture of a building.	The man has a brown shirt on.	0
An elderly man in a black shirt with glasses painting a picture of a building.	The man has paints.	1
A man is painting a landscape.	A person is making art.	1
A man painting a building on the street.	The person is outside.	1
A man painting a building on the street.	The person is eating dinner inside.	0
A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	The woman is talking to her dog.	0
A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A woman sits on the steps.	1
A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A woman wearing shoes is sitting on some steps.	1
A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	The brunette woman was standing by the steps.	0
A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A woman with no shoes stands on the sidewalk.	0
A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A lady is sitting down outside.	1
A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A woman was taking a shower.	0
A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A woman wearing shoes is sitting.	1
A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	The brunette woman is sitting.	1
A brunette woman wearing tennis shoes sitting on steps.	A woman is sitting on some steps barefoot.	0
A young African-American man is wearing a denim jacket and a sideways cap talking into a microphone in a dark club.	The Caucasian man at the nightclub is singing into the microphone.	0
A young African-American man is wearing a denim jacket and a sideways cap talking into a microphone in a dark club.	A man in the nightclub is speaking to others using a microphone.	1
Man climbing a sheet rock face.	A man climbs.	1
Man climbing a sheet rock face.	Man climbing a rope in the middle of a gym.	0
Two hockey players with black jerseys and two players with white jerseys vie for the puck against the glass.	There are four hockey players vying for the puck.	1
Two hockey players with black jerseys and two players with white jerseys vie for the puck against the glass.	The hockey players are sitting on the ice.	0
A man in a headband climbing a rock.	A man with a headband climbs a rock.	1
A man in a headband climbing a rock.	A man in a hat walks in the water on the beach.	0
Man in red headband climbing a rock	A man climbing	1
Man in red headband climbing a rock	A woman climbing a rock	0
A man in a jacket and pink tie sleeps on a park bench.	A man is outside.	1
A man in a jacket and pink tie sleeps on a park bench.	A man is on his couch.	0
An old man is napping on a park bench.	Pooping on a bench while sleeping	0
An old man is napping on a park bench.	While at a park an old man is taking nap	1
A man in a suit dozes on a park bench, with a sign for the subway in the background.	The man is fully awake.	0
A man in a suit dozes on a park bench, with a sign for the subway in the background.	A man is sleeping in a park bench.	1
An older man in a suit and salmon tie dozes on a city bench.	A man is on a bench outside.	1
An older man in a suit and salmon tie dozes on a city bench.	The man is walking around the city.	0
child out in the woods loading a bb gun	man out in the woods loading a bb gun	0
child out in the woods loading a bb gun	kids out in the woods loading a bb gun	1
a sleeping man in a city area.	There's a guy sleeping.	1
a sleeping man in a city area.	The man is awake.	0
a sleeping man in a city area.	A man walking around the city.	0
a sleeping man in a city area.	A man is asleep.	1
a sleeping man in a city area.	A man goes for a walk.	0
a sleeping man in a city area.	A woman sleeps in a high priced hotel.	0
a sleeping man in a city area.	A man finds himself snoozing in a metropolitan area.	1
a sleeping man in a city area.	A man wide awake in the countryside	0
a sleeping man in a city area.	A man sleeps.	1
a sleeping man in a city area.	A man sleeps in the city.	1
Two newborn puppies are being held by a pair of human hands.	Puppies are playing with a ball.	0
Two newborn puppies are being held by a pair of human hands.	A person is holding puppies.	1
Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	A group of women are dancing outside.	0
Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Two men are playing trumpets together.	1
Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Two guys are playing instruments together.	1
Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	There are three men playing trumpets.	0
Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	The girls are playing music on a French horn.	0
Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Men wearing different colored jackets play the trumpet.	1
Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Two men listen to their favorite band while riding in the car.	0
Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Two men play an instrument.	1
Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Two guys are playing guitars.	0
Two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.	Two students are playing the trumpet.	1
Two men walk in the park, one with a shaggy dog on a leash and a device for cleaning up canine droppings.	The dog isn't shaggy	0
Two men walk in the park, one with a shaggy dog on a leash and a device for cleaning up canine droppings.	There are two men	1
A man holds two puppies.	a man is taking a photo of a shark while deep sea diving	0
A man holds two puppies.	a man can hold the puppies	1
A man in a white, red, yellow, and black shirt and white pants arches his back to narrowly avoid a charging black bull in a bull fighting ring with red-painted sides while a number of spectators look on.	The man is alone and asleep in his bedroom on the moon.	0
A man in a white, red, yellow, and black shirt and white pants arches his back to narrowly avoid a charging black bull in a bull fighting ring with red-painted sides while a number of spectators look on.	There are at least 2 people.	1
Tall man slightly dodging a bull in the center of an arena while other people look on.	A tall man is reading a book.	0
Tall man slightly dodging a bull in the center of an arena while other people look on.	A man and a bull are in an arena.	1
A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	Nobody is watching	0
A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	A man in a stadium	1
A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	The audience are watching a man being chased by the bull.	1
A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	The man is riding the bull on the streets.	0
A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	The bull is inside a stadium	1
A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	The stadium is empty	0
A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	Onlookers view a person and an animal in close proximity to each other.	1
A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	There is no one watching the man being chased by the bull.	0
A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	Two goats meander lazily in their pasture, chewing on green summer grass.	0
A bull charges at a man within a stadium while an audience watches.	A man is in a stadium.	1
People picking up trash in the park.	Dolphins jump through rings of fire.	0
People picking up trash in the park.	There are people outdoors	1
People picking up trash in the park.	A group of people are cleaning up the park.	1
People picking up trash in the park.	People cleaning up the park.	1
People picking up trash in the park.	they are eating the trash	0
People picking up trash in the park.	some people are outside	1
People picking up trash in the park.	There is one person littering by himself in the park	0
People picking up trash in the park.	Some people are outside at a park.	1
People picking up trash in the park.	The people are at the movies.	0
People picking up trash in the park.	The people are sitting around at a park doing nothing.	0
A young girl in a blue t-shirt stands next to a game entitled "Grandma's Predictions."	A jogger stumbles.	0
A young girl in a blue t-shirt stands next to a game entitled "Grandma's Predictions."	A girl in a blue shirt.	1
An African woman makes pots.	The woman is from Africa.	1
An African woman makes pots.	A woman is stomping an anthill.	0
An African woman makes pots.	An African woman is dancing by the fire.	0
An African woman makes pots.	There is a woman making something.	1
An African woman makes pots.	A woman makes pots.	1
An African woman makes pots.	There is a woman eating crackers.	0
An African woman makes pots.	The woman makes toothpaste.	0
An African woman makes pots.	A woman is making pottery.	1
An African woman makes pots.	A white woman makes pots in her house.	0
An African woman makes pots.	An african woman makes pots.	1
Several children leaping into a pile of leaves on the ground.	The child jumped into the leaves.	0
Several children leaping into a pile of leaves on the ground.	The children leaped into a pile of leaves.	1
A woman getting her hands dirty while working with homemade pottery.	The woman is watching someone else throw a pot.	0
A woman getting her hands dirty while working with homemade pottery.	A woman is throwing a pot.	1
Dark-skinned woman creates beautiful native pottery outdoors.	The woman is outside	1
Dark-skinned woman creates beautiful native pottery outdoors.	the woman is sleeping.	0
An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	A woman sleeping on a park bench.	0
An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	The woman has her hands full.	1
An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	The woman is in an empty room.	0
An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	An African woman holding two pots.	1
An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	The woman is holding a holding a child in each arm.	0
An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	An African woman holds a pot.	1
An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	The woman is near the pots.	1
An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	A woman is holding pots	1
An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	A woman is picking up broken pieces of pottery	0
An older woman dressed in the garments of an African tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.	A child plays with a hula hoop.	0
A middle-aged woman attired in a red skirt, brown blouse engaged in making pottery.	A duck is swimming in a pond.	0
A middle-aged woman attired in a red skirt, brown blouse engaged in making pottery.	A woman is making pottery.	1
A man riding a bicycle performs a trick above a dirt mound.	The man is doing bicycle tricks.	1
A man riding a bicycle performs a trick above a dirt mound.	The man is walking on a dirt mound.	0
A worker on scaffolding passing a tool to another worker in front of a brick structure.	the two workers were working together	1
A worker on scaffolding passing a tool to another worker in front of a brick structure.	the workers did not work today because it was raining	0
A complete dog sled team in motion.	The dog sled team is in motion.	1
A complete dog sled team in motion.	An in-complete dog sled team stopped for a rest.	0
Two people are on a sled pulled by many dogs.	Three people are pulling a sled full of dogs.	0
Two people are on a sled pulled by many dogs.	Sled dogs are pulling two people.	1
Two people on a sled pulled by a team of dogs.	Two people are sleeping in bed.	0
Two people on a sled pulled by a team of dogs.	Two people are dog sledding.	1
A dog sled with two passengers travelling through the snow.	The crowd is on a bus.	0
A dog sled with two passengers travelling through the snow.	People are near some dogs.	1
Two bald drag queens in red dresses	the women are fighting	0
Two bald drag queens in red dresses	2 drag queens are in red dresses	1
Four runners are racing at in indoor track meet.	Four runners are walking at an outdoor track meet.	0
Four runners are racing at in indoor track meet.	People are running indoors.	1
A man wearing a coat and floppy hat pushes a blue shopping cart full of bags.	The man pushes a shopping cart.	1
A man wearing a coat and floppy hat pushes a blue shopping cart full of bags.	The man is wearing a fruit basket on his heat.	0
a man wearing a coat and rain hat pushes a blue shopping cart loaded with his belongings across a street.	A foolish man runs around in a shopping cart hitting people.	0
a man wearing a coat and rain hat pushes a blue shopping cart loaded with his belongings across a street.	A man in a raincoat moves some objects around.	1
Four men running on a track inside.	Men running on a track.	1
Four men running on a track inside.	Men are walking on a track.	0
A man pushes a shopping cart full of aluminum cans.	A man is pushing a shopping cart.	1
A man pushes a shopping cart full of aluminum cans.	A man pushes a stroller.	0
Musicians performing for a audience.	There are people watching the musicians.	1
Musicians performing for a audience.	The musicians are performing in front of nobody.	0
Two men are playing guitars on a stage.	Two men on street play a guitar.	0
Two men are playing guitars on a stage.	Two guitar players on stage.	1
Two men on a stage playing guitar and singing.	A group on stage playing music.	1
Two men on a stage playing guitar and singing.	A band packing up to leave.	0
Two men playing guitars and singing on a stage with sound equipment.	Two men are playing guitars	1
Two men playing guitars and singing on a stage with sound equipment.	The men playing guitars are dressed as knights	0
Two men playing guitar at a concert.	two men performing their guitars at a show	1
Two men playing guitar at a concert.	two guitar players are hanging out alone	0
A blond woman with a fur wrap around her shoulder and a glass of wine in front of her is getting something painted on her arm by a man.	A man drinking a beer watching tv.	0
A blond woman with a fur wrap around her shoulder and a glass of wine in front of her is getting something painted on her arm by a man.	A woman getting painted on by a man.	1
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.	the oreo colored dogs swims with an object in its mouth.	1
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.	there is no dog with an object in its mouth that is swimming.	0
A man is sitting down and he is surrounded by shoes.	A man sitting in the middle of shoes.	1
A man is sitting down and he is surrounded by shoes.	A man laying on a bed.	0
A man in a gray shirt sits with several pairs of shoes around him.	A man is eating his shoes as people stare at him.	0
A man in a gray shirt sits with several pairs of shoes around him.	A man is surrounded by shoes	1
This man has worked here for many decades.	There is a woman that has worked for many decades.	0
This man has worked here for many decades.	There is a man who has worked for many decades.	1
A group of people hiking through ice.	A group of people sharing coffee.	0
A group of people hiking through ice.	A group of people walking outside	1
People on a snowy hill.	the people are in the club	0
People on a snowy hill.	people on a hill	1
Two male athlete in black shirts are running along a street.	The men are walking down the street.	0
Two male athlete in black shirts are running along a street.	The men are wearing shirts.	1
A boy in a denim jacket is smiling.	The boy is wearing a jacket.	1
A boy in a denim jacket is smiling.	The boy seems sad.	0
A view of people browsing a store aisle.	A view of an empty store aisle.	0
A view of people browsing a store aisle.	People in a store.	1
Three girls make faces as one takes a drink while they stand in a busy street.	the boy is sitting down in his room	0
Three girls make faces as one takes a drink while they stand in a busy street.	The group of girls are standing	1
A girl in a bikini swimming in a body of water.	The girl is feeding a giraffe.	0
A girl in a bikini swimming in a body of water.	The girl is swimming outside.	1
A man speaking with a microphone.	A man sleep on a bench.	0
A man in suit and tie is talking into a microphone.	A man is reading a newspaper.	0
A man in suit and tie is talking into a microphone.	A man is talking.	1
a man speaking directly into a microphone	The man is picking up bottles along the side of the street for recycling.	0
a man speaking directly into a microphone	There is one man in this picture.	1
A man wearing a brown suit and glasses is taking into a microphone.	A man is on a rollercoster at Disneyland.	0
A man wearing a brown suit and glasses is taking into a microphone.	A man is utilizing a machine.	1
A man in a brown suit is talking threw a microphone.	The man is using equipment to amplify his voice	1
A man in a brown suit is talking threw a microphone.	The man is wearing a sundress	0
A driver caught by the police, awaiting his ticket.	A driver being pulled over.	1
A driver caught by the police, awaiting his ticket.	A cat on a bicycle.	0
A dark-haired woman wearing a red skirt and white top uses a pay phone.	A woman wearing a red skirt playing cricket.	0
A dark-haired woman wearing a red skirt and white top uses a pay phone.	A woman uses a pay phone	1
During a race, a young woman with red shorts is running in front of two other people.	a man driving a taxi	0
During a race, a young woman with red shorts is running in front of two other people.	a woman running in a race	1
a girl jumps off of a raft.	The teenaged boy jumps off a raft.	0
a girl jumps off of a raft.	The kid is jumping from the raft.	1
A woman on a pay phone wearing a red skirt, white shirt, and a blue sweater wrapped around her shoulders.	A man works on his train station.	0
A woman on a pay phone wearing a red skirt, white shirt, and a blue sweater wrapped around her shoulders.	A woman uses a pay phone.	1
A startled person is greeted by a set of interesting twins.	Twins surprise another person	1
A startled person is greeted by a set of interesting twins.	Geese playing footbal	0
A group of young girls talking to an older woman.	Girls talk to a woman.	1
A group of young girls talking to an older woman.	A group of girls read magazines.	0
teacher, with her students.	Students study alone in a library.	0
teacher, with her students.	A teacher talks to her students.	1
A young girl dressed in a red hoodie, red pants and red sneakers in a midair front split pose.	A young girl is in midair.	1
A young girl dressed in a red hoodie, red pants and red sneakers in a midair front split pose.	An old man is in midair.	0
The girl in the bright red outfit is skipping across the path.	A girl is tanning on the grass.	0
The girl in the bright red outfit is skipping across the path.	A girl is on a path.	1
A girls in a red sweatsuit leaps through the air.	The young lady in red jumps into the air.	1
A girls in a red sweatsuit leaps through the air.	The boy in blue is sitting on the bench.	0
A girl in red jumps across a path.	The girl is dressed in blue.	0
A girl in red jumps across a path.	A girl in red jumps outdoors.	1
A young boy preparing a project with a bearded man.	Two people are making preperations	1
A young boy preparing a project with a bearded man.	The man is clean shaven	0
A large crow of people with their hands raised.	People raising their arms	1
A large crow of people with their hands raised.	A single man with his hand raised	0
A man, in a plaid shirt, and a younger boy, in a black jacket, working on something.	A father and son playing baseball.	0
A man, in a plaid shirt, and a younger boy, in a black jacket, working on something.	A man and boy at work.	1
A large group of people with hands raised in the air.	A group of people standing.	1
A large group of people with hands raised in the air.	A person sitting alone.	0
An elder man conducting an orchestra.	A person is driving a bus.	0
An elder man conducting an orchestra.	A person conducts an orchestra.	1
A man is conducting an orchestra.	Nobody is conducting.	0
A man is conducting an orchestra.	A human conducting.	1
A group of video cameras recording from behind a barricade.	Cameras hidden behind a barricade.	1
A group of video cameras recording from behind a barricade.	Computer monitors behind a barricade.	0
Cameras set up on tripods along the side of a road barrier.	A kitten is playing with a ball of yarn.	0
Cameras set up on tripods along the side of a road barrier.	Cameras are set up on tripods along the side of the road.	1
a large group of people rasing their hands in the air all at once.	a small group of people raising their hands in the air all at once.	0
a large group of people rasing their hands in the air all at once.	people are raising their hands	1
Conductor leading his orchestra.	The conductor is not on the podium.	0
Conductor leading his orchestra.	An orchestra follows the conductor.	1
Many cameras are set up against a barricade.	The cameras are set up against a pole.	0
Many cameras are set up against a barricade.	There are a lot of cameras.	1
A woman wearing a black stands in front of a counter while she holds a piece of meat.	A woman is wearing clothes.	1
A woman wearing a black stands in front of a counter while she holds a piece of meat.	The woman is naked while holding a salad.	0
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.	The dogs were outdoors.	1
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.	The animals are eating lunch.	0
Man in overalls, plaid shirt and ball cap holding the harness on one of two horses that are facing away from the camera.	A man in overalls is holding the harness of a horse.	1
Man in overalls, plaid shirt and ball cap holding the harness on one of two horses that are facing away from the camera.	A man is holding onto a barebacked horse.	0
A man in blue shorts, with a tattoo on his right side, and wearing an iPod on his left arm, jogs down the street.	A man is jogging down the street.	1
A man in blue shorts, with a tattoo on his right side, and wearing an iPod on his left arm, jogs down the street.	A man is painting with his wife.	0
A brown dog steadies himself on the rocky shore of the ocean, with several waves coming in.	A dog is brown	1
A brown dog steadies himself on the rocky shore of the ocean, with several waves coming in.	A dog is black	0
A brown dog is standing in the water watching the waves of the ocean on a sunny day.	A pet is sitting on a couch.	0
A brown dog is standing in the water watching the waves of the ocean on a sunny day.	An animal is outdoors.	1
The brown dog is standing on the beach as the waves lap up around its feet.	The dog is digging a hole in the sand on the beach.	0
The brown dog is standing on the beach as the waves lap up around its feet.	There is a dog on the beach near the water.	1
A red dog stands in a rocky shore, its feet in the sea.	A cat is about to go swimming.	0
A red dog stands in a rocky shore, its feet in the sea.	A dog is standing on the beach.	1
The brown dog is in the waving water.	A cat swims in the sea.	0
The brown dog is in the waving water.	A dog is in the water.	1
There is a crowded store in the mall filled with brightly colored toys and accessories.	There is an empty store.	0
There is a crowded store in the mall filled with brightly colored toys and accessories.	There is a crowded store.	1
A baby boy sleeps in a stroller.	There is a child with it's eyes closed.	1
A baby boy sleeps in a stroller.	The little baby boy is laughing.	0
A blond woman serves the ball in a tennis match.	The woman is blonde.	1
A blond woman serves the ball in a tennis match.	The woman is hitting a football with her tennis racket.	0
Female tennis player serving the ball.	The woman is hitting the ball.	1
Female tennis player serving the ball.	The woman is playing basketball.	0
A tennis player wearing white is jumping up to hit a ball.	A tennis player jumps.	1
A tennis player wearing white is jumping up to hit a ball.	A dejected player walks alone back to the locker room.	0
Woman at tennis match jumping in air to hit ball.	The woman is playing volleyball.	0
Woman at tennis match jumping in air to hit ball.	The woman is playing tennis.	1
A woman serving a tennis ball.	A woman is playing tennis.	1
A woman serving a tennis ball.	A woman is serving the volleyball.	0
Two teenage boys and one teenage girl sitting on the steps of a pool or canal.	A group of teenagers sitting near the water.	1
Two teenage boys and one teenage girl sitting on the steps of a pool or canal.	The teenagers slide down the water slide into the pool.	0
A boy and a girl sitting together in a car at a gas pump as it rains.	There are two people in the car at the gas station.	1
A boy and a girl sitting together in a car at a gas pump as it rains.	There are 3 people stranded in a truck at the gas station.	0
A man in reflective orange gear carrying a buffer up an escalator.	A man wearing orange reflective clothing is walking down an escalator	0
A man in reflective orange gear carrying a buffer up an escalator.	A man wearing reflective orange clothing is carrying a buffer up an escalator	1
Three girls wearing gray riding helmets are riding horses one behind another.	The three girls are riding in a car.	0
Three girls wearing gray riding helmets are riding horses one behind another.	The three girls are outdoors.	1
A family sits in a conservatory with lawn chairs and has a picnic.	The family is having a picnic	1
A family sits in a conservatory with lawn chairs and has a picnic.	A bear ran off with their chairs	0
A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	Woman in working with arts and crafts	0
A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	There is only one person present.	0
A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	Man in room with arts and crafts	1
A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	A group enters a room with two gentlemen and a cluster of crafts.	1
A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	A car race occurs in front of a full stadium.	0
A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	Everyone is leaving the room.	0
A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	A man stands in a room with many crafts.	1
A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	the men are asleep in the motel	0
A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	There are multiple people present.	1
A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him.	a man is standing	1
A person wearing a white garment with a brown vest is standing next to a carpet where a man is reclined next to some items.	A man is standing and a man is reclining.	1
A person wearing a white garment with a brown vest is standing next to a carpet where a man is reclined next to some items.	Two women are selling carpets in India.	0
One man who is wearing a white robe and is very focused with something on his head.	The woman was holding something on her head.	0
One man who is wearing a white robe and is very focused with something on his head.	The man was very focussed as he held something on his head.	1
A male participant in an Islamic wedding celebration.	man at work	0
A male participant in an Islamic wedding celebration.	man in islamic wedding	1
A person is balancing an object on his head.	A person has something on his head.	1
A person is balancing an object on his head.	A man sleeps on the couch.	0
A man holding a sign up at someones windshield.	A man shows off his sign.	1
A man holding a sign up at someones windshield.	A billionaire swims through his vault filled with coins.	0
A female rollerskater doing a jump.	a woman is rollerskating	1
A female rollerskater doing a jump.	the female is driving.	0
A large group of people walking on a dirt path in the woods with trees on both sides.	A large group of people are outdoors.	1
A large group of people walking on a dirt path in the woods with trees on both sides.	A large group of people is watching a football game.	0
man standing against blue wall with shirt on head	man quietly standing against blue wall with shirt on head	1
man standing against blue wall with shirt on head	man running near blue wall	0
A man in a black head wrap is standing against a blue wall.	A man is stealing candy.	0
A man in a black head wrap is standing against a blue wall.	A person is wearing a head wrap.	1
A man with a shirt on his head, wearing a plaid shirt, leaning against a painted blue wall.	a man is sitting on a bench	0
A man with a shirt on his head, wearing a plaid shirt, leaning against a painted blue wall.	there is a guy leaning against a wall	1
A man in a red and gray plaid shirt stands in front of a blue wall wearing a black scarf or shirt on his head.	A man stands in front of a yellow wall.	0
A man in a red and gray plaid shirt stands in front of a blue wall wearing a black scarf or shirt on his head.	A man stands in front of a blue wall.	1
A woman in a bikini pours a drink for a man.	Man in speedo spills food.	0
A woman in a bikini pours a drink for a man.	Woman pours a drink.	1
A boy playing a cello with his orchestra.	A boy is playing with an orchestra.	1
A boy playing a cello with his orchestra.	A woman is teaching a class.	0
Young man showing great concentration while playing the cello in an orchestra.	Man playing an instrument.	1
Young man showing great concentration while playing the cello in an orchestra.	Man playing a guitar by himself.	0
Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	Brunette woman enjoying a drink on the beach.	0
Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	There is a blonde woman wearing a bikini.	0
Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	The woman is wearing a bikini.	1
Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	A woman is serving a beverage to a man.	1
Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	A lady with brown hair who is wearing a white bikini is pouring a drink into a man's cup.	1
Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	Brunette woman assisting man with a drink.	1
Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	a brunette in a white bikini	1
Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	she was wearing a orange bikini	0
Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	A blonde woman in a white bikini is drinking something from a cup while a man looks on.	0
Brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man's cup.	The woman is blonde.	0
A woman is standing in a bikini serving a man a drink.	A woman is wearing a winter coat.	0
A woman is standing in a bikini serving a man a drink.	A woman is serving a man something to drink.	1
A man in a bleeding flag shirt poses in a jump in front of city buildings.	The man is in the city.	1
A man in a bleeding flag shirt poses in a jump in front of city buildings.	The man is laying down by the pool.	0
A man in a short-sleeve shirt and pants jumping up in a water fountain.	A man jumps into a fountain fully clothed	1
A man in a short-sleeve shirt and pants jumping up in a water fountain.	A man is taking off his clothes to go in the ocean.	0
A man in a short-sleeve shirt and pants jumping up in a water fountain.	A man is playing in the fountain.	1
A man in a yellow shirt is walking away from the camera carrying a basket on his head.	The man is running towards the camera.	0
A man in a yellow shirt is walking away from the camera carrying a basket on his head.	A man is carrying a basket on his head.	1
A man in a bight yellow shirt carries his wears to market in a large basket on his head.	A man shakes his head as he carries a basket in his hands.	0
A man in a bight yellow shirt carries his wears to market in a large basket on his head.	There is a man in a top with a basket.	1
A black man walks away with a large basket full of items on his head.	A man carries a basket on his head.	1
A black man walks away with a large basket full of items on his head.	A man carries a basket under his arm.	0
A per wearing a yellow shirt is walking down the street carrying a large basket.	A person is driving a car.	0
A per wearing a yellow shirt is walking down the street carrying a large basket.	A person wearing shirt is walking on the road	1
An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	Under a very old tree in the park there is a beared old man sleeping and from the looks of him he appears homeless.	1
An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	An old man is sleeping outside.	1
An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	An old man is sleeping the grass.	1
An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	Outside there is a person who is singing loudly and dancing.	0
An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	An older man with a red beard.	0
An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	The man has a black beard.	0
An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	A great ancient tree.	1
An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	An old man is playing catch.	0
An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	The man has a clean shaven face.	0
An older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.	The older man has a graying beard.	1
An old man sleeps on the grass at the foot of a large tree.	The old man is trying to climb a tree.	0
An old man sleeps on the grass at the foot of a large tree.	The man is napping outside.	1
A person laying down on the grass with their eyes closed.	Some people are outside.	1
A person laying down on the grass with their eyes closed.	People are standing in formation.	0
Two elderly women sitting on a bench talking.	The women are young	0
Two elderly women sitting on a bench talking.	The women are elderly	1
A green motorcycle is being jumped over a line of ten green motorcycles.	Nothing is jumped	0
A green motorcycle is being jumped over a line of ten green motorcycles.	A cycle jumping	1
Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	A man is sewing by hand.	0
Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	A woman is painting a picture.	0
Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	A dog eats his treat.	0
Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	The women are napping in the bed.	0
Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	The women are taking a nap.	0
Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	A woman is using a sewing machine.	1
Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	A woman is turing a sewing maching.	1
Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	Women are working today.	1
Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	Difficult sewing on a classic machine.	1
Women manually turns a vintage Singer sewing machine.	The women are working on sewing.	1
A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	A person is taping notes to somebody's dress.	0
A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	A person sitting behind a sewing machine.	1
A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	A woman is examining the alterations to be made to a dress, from a note affixed to it, behind a black Singer sewing machine.	1
A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	The sewing machine is black.	1
A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	The woman is wearing a sweatshirt.	0
A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	A person is running.	0
A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	A woman is attempting to sew around a note taped to their dress.	0
A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	The sewing machine is not made by Singer.	0
A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	A person is sitting.	1
A person is sitting behind a old, black Singer sewing machine with a note taped to their dress.	The person is a woman.	1
A man wearing sunglasses, jeans, and a black leather jacket is jumping in the air with his arms and legs spread apart.	A male wearing clothes is not on the ground.	1
A man wearing sunglasses, jeans, and a black leather jacket is jumping in the air with his arms and legs spread apart.	A woman rests her head on a pillow in a hammock.	0
Couple in car look at something beyond the camera.	Two people are riding their bikes.	0
Couple in car look at something beyond the camera.	Two people are in a car.	1
An airplane is parked in front of a few vehicles.	The airplane is flying over New Zealand.	0
An airplane is parked in front of a few vehicles.	Vehicles are near a plane.	1
A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A man is growing out his hair.	1
A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A man with short hair is taking a shower	0
A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A man is working.	1
A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A man is sewing a costume.	1
A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A man is taking a nap.	0
A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	a woman with short hair sews a patch on her pants	0
A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A man is sleeping.	0
A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A short haired man is building a shed	0
A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	A man is sewing fabric.	1
A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.	a costume maker is finishing sewing a costume	1
A man by a private jet is standing in the shade of the jet.	The moon shines bright.	0
A man by a private jet is standing in the shade of the jet.	A man is standing in the shade.	1
Two men, one wearing a gray shirt, the other wearing a black shirt appear in a store while another accesses an upper shirt with a woman in a green hat in the foreground.	Three men and a woman are in a store.	1
Two men, one wearing a gray shirt, the other wearing a black shirt appear in a store while another accesses an upper shirt with a woman in a green hat in the foreground.	The woman is leaving the store.	0
Several men are inside a store among stocked shelves and many bags of grains.	People are working inside.	1
Several men are inside a store among stocked shelves and many bags of grains.	There is one person working in Kroger.	0
man reaching for a type of an item in a general store.	A lady is eating cantaloupe.	0
man reaching for a type of an item in a general store.	A man is at a store.	1
Two young men help another man in a store back room.	One man helps a women outside.	0
Two young men help another man in a store back room.	Two men are helping someone else.	1
Three men working in a shop by stocking items	Three men are working.	1
Three men working in a shop by stocking items	Children are playing in the grass.	0
A little boy trying to blow out the 2 candles on his birthday cake.	a little boy blowing on cake with candles	1
A little boy trying to blow out the 2 candles on his birthday cake.	a man sleeping in chair	0
A dog standing outside is looking at the camera.	A dog standing outside.	1
A dog standing outside is looking at the camera.	A cat is standing alone.	0
A boy blows out a candle on a cake with a penguin labeled "Happy Birthday, Quinn."	A boy blows out a candle on his birthday cake.	1
A boy blows out a candle on a cake with a penguin labeled "Happy Birthday, Quinn."	A boy smashes his face on a birthday cake.	0
Three people walking through a ravine between two rocky cliffs.	There are people walking outdoors.	1
Three people walking through a ravine between two rocky cliffs.	The people are scaling the cliffs.	0
A brown and white animal surrounded by trees.	The animal is eating indoors.	0
A brown and white animal surrounded by trees.	The animal is outdoors.	1
Three people are walking in a canyon.	Three men are in the garage.	0
Three people are walking in a canyon.	Three people are walking outside.	1
a kid named quinn blowing out the candles on his birthday cake	Quinn eats a taco at his sister's bar mitzvah.	0
a kid named quinn blowing out the candles on his birthday cake	Quinn blows out candles on his cake.	1
A woman with boots on sitting and not wanting a picture taken of her.	the woman was wearing high heels	0
A woman with boots on sitting and not wanting a picture taken of her.	thge woman was sitting	1
A girl trying not to get her picture taking on a college campus.	The girl watches TV in the hotel room.	0
A girl trying not to get her picture taking on a college campus.	There is a young woman in this picture.	1
Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	girl has on a sweater	1
Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	The young man hides his face from the camera.	0
Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	a girl sleeps at home	0
Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	Young girl wears gray and pink sweater hides her face from the camera.	1
Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	The girl is wearing sandals and blue sweater.	0
Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	The girl is hiding her face from the camera.	1
Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	The young girl is wearing all black.	0
Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	There is a girl in the photo.	1
Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	Young girl is in the middle of a photoshoot.	0
Young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.	The girl has a sweater on.	1
A woman sitting on the step with dark hair putting her hand on her face.	The man was sitting on the chair.	0
A woman sitting on the step with dark hair putting her hand on her face.	The woman was covering her face.	1
A woman in a striped black and pink shirt is sitting on a step.	a woman in black	1
A woman in a striped black and pink shirt is sitting on a step.	the woman is naked	0
A long-haired man plays a guitar	A lady plays a guitar.	0
A long-haired man plays a guitar	A person plays a guitar.	1
A man holding up a yellow tent.	The person grasps an item that can provide shelter.	1
A man holding up a yellow tent.	The person's arms are filled with flowers.	0
A man in a white shirt and black leather vest plays an electric guitar.	A man works on his guitar composition.	1
A man in a white shirt and black leather vest plays an electric guitar.	A man sells his musical instruments.	0
A man in a white shirt and black vest is playing an electric guitar.	the man is wearing a blue shirt	0
A man in a white shirt and black vest is playing an electric guitar.	there is a white shirt	1
A man in glasses and wearing a white shirt is playing an instrument.	The man plays an instrument.	1
A man in glasses and wearing a white shirt is playing an instrument.	The old man sits at the park.	0
The man holds his tent up over his head.	The man is sitting on top of his tent	0
The man holds his tent up over his head.	A man is helping protect himself from the weather	1
People are playing in a football game.	People are dancing at a nightclub.	0
People are playing in a football game.	People are playing football.	1
A person is running with a football, trying to avoid the opposing team.	A football player is running down the field.	1
A person is running with a football, trying to avoid the opposing team.	A ballerina is running with a football.	0
Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	The two teams are playing baseball.	0
Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	Two teams are playing against each other.	1
Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	There are teams playing football.	1
Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	There are people playing a game.	1
Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	Two field hockey teams are competing.	0
Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	There are two teams playing hockey at the ice rink.	0
Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	A couple of teams are playing a sport.	1
Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	Two teams are playing hockey.	0
Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	Two teams are sitting at the bar after the game.	0
Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.	A  football game is taking place.	1
Two teams playing football and the player wearing number 12 is running with the ball trying to evade the tacklers.	People playing football	1
Two teams playing football and the player wearing number 12 is running with the ball trying to evade the tacklers.	Two teams playing soccer	0
A marine in dress uniform is about to walk across the street with two little girls.	A marine waits to cross the street with two children.	1
A marine is crossing the street with two girls in dresses.	Three men are walking across a field.	0
A marine is crossing the street with two girls in dresses.	A person in uniform crosses a street.	1
A man in uniform walking two twin girls across the street.	A clown is crossing the street with a boy and a girl who aren't related.	0
A man in uniform walking two twin girls across the street.	I man is walking some people across the street.	1
A team of boys are playing football.	Boys playing hide and seek in the park	0
A team of boys are playing football.	Boys playing a game.	1
Bull rider on a wild kicking bull at the rodeo	horseback riding at a rodeo	0
Bull rider on a wild kicking bull at the rodeo	a guy on an animal at an event	1
Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football.	A soccer player kicks the ball.	0
Number 12 in orange gets ready to throw the football.	A quarterback is getting ready to throw the football.	1
Kids are partying while listening to their iPods.	The men have a baking competition	0
Kids are partying while listening to their iPods.	Music enters their ears	1
A man in a black suit is looking at a map.	The man is dressed formally.	1
A man in a black suit is looking at a map.	The man is sleeping.	0
A guy looking at the city map.	Someone is trying to find directions.	1
A guy looking at the city map.	A boy is using a GPS.	0
Crop worker taking a smoke break.	Business man reading the paper.	0
Crop worker taking a smoke break.	Worker smoking.	1
a man in a black suit using a phone booth.	The man is on the phone.	1
a man in a black suit using a phone booth.	The man is wearing jeans.	0
Man holding a big sack with something inside, on his shoulder.	A man holding a big sack.	1
Man holding a big sack with something inside, on his shoulder.	A man empties is sack on the ground.	0
A man holds up a bag containing leaves from a harvest.	A man is writing a letter.	0
A man holds up a bag containing leaves from a harvest.	A man having a bag of leaves	1
A man holds up a bag containing leaves from a harvest.	There is a man harvesting.	1
A man standing at a directory.	A man looking at directions.	1
A man standing at a directory.	A girl is walking on the road.	0
A man standing outside in front of a field with a big yellow sack on his shoulder.	A man is sitting in a field.	0
A man standing outside in front of a field with a big yellow sack on his shoulder.	A man is outdoors.	1
Customers examine the menu of street cafe.	People are wanting to order food.	1
Customers examine the menu of street cafe.	The people are going to sleep.	0
A man in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt are standing in front of a store.	A man is wearing a shirt	1
A man in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt are standing in front of a store.	The man's shirt is red	0
A couple wait at the stand for some coffee.	lion sleeps long time	0
A couple wait at the stand for some coffee.	people wait for coffee	1
Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	There are people in line	1
Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	Customers are eating.	1
Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	People are waiting at a shop.	1
Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	The customers are waiting to order.	1
Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	People are having food delivered to their homes.	0
Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	There are people swimming in the ocean	0
Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	Customers are buying shoes.	0
Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	The customers are cooking their own food.	0
Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	Customers are waiting for someone at a restaurant.	1
Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.	Customers are shopping at a grocery store.	0
A security officer is monitoring the crowd across the water.	A mall cop scans  the crowd near the water.	1
A security officer is monitoring the crowd across the water.	Paul Blart eats a hot dog.	0
A security officer looks out over some water where there are lights.	An officer looking at the water.	1
A security officer looks out over some water where there are lights.	An officer running after someone.	0
At night, a man wearing a green vest is looking across a body of water with a crowd of people on the other side.	Nobody is looking	0
At night, a man wearing a green vest is looking across a body of water with a crowd of people on the other side.	A human looking	1
A young boy walking across pipe over a body of water.	A young boy is skipping rocks on a pond.	0
A young boy walking across pipe over a body of water.	A young boy is walking outside.	1
A man in a green vest is standing in front of water.	The man is outside, near the water.	1
A man in a green vest is standing in front of water.	The woman in polka dots is sitting by the fire.	0
A woman in a white dress is holding a blue umbrella in the rain.	The woman is in a taxi cab.	0
A woman in a white dress is holding a blue umbrella in the rain.	A woman is outside under a blue umbrella.	1
lady wearing white shirt with blue umbrella in the rain.	A huge building reflecting the hot summer sun.	0
lady wearing white shirt with blue umbrella in the rain.	The woman is in the rain.	1
A lady with a black bag is walking in the rain with her blue umbrella.	A lady with a large black bag is walking in the rain.	1
A lady with a black bag is walking in the rain with her blue umbrella.	A man with a large black bag is walking in the rain near the park.	0
A woman in white is holding a blue umbrella and walking in the rain.	A woman is sunbathing outdoors.	0
A woman in white is holding a blue umbrella and walking in the rain.	There is a woman outdoors.	1
A man is lead singer in a band at an outdoor venue.	A man is singing at an outdoor venue	1
A man is lead singer in a band at an outdoor venue.	A man is a backup singer	0
A woman alone in the rain with a blue umbrella.	A woman is walking in the sunshine.	0
A woman alone in the rain with a blue umbrella.	A woman is alone in the rain.	1
Two boys wakeboard.	Two boys sit on their bikes drinking a coke.	0
Two boys wakeboard.	Two boys are wakeboarding.	1
Young girl climbing on playground equipment.	The young girl is an infant.	0
Young girl climbing on playground equipment.	The young girl is moving around.	1
There are two women near cups of freshly cut fruits.	There are cups of fruit on a table.	1
There are two women near cups of freshly cut fruits.	There are three women near cups of freshly cut fruits.	0
Men and women are standing closely together, some with drinks in their hands.	The men and women are all taking cabs home for the night.	0
Men and women are standing closely together, some with drinks in their hands.	There are several people in this picture.	1
A woman cooks as a man stares off into space, a box of butter is in the foreground.	A man cooks as a man stares off into space, a box of butter is in the foreground.	0
A woman cooks as a man stares off into space, a box of butter is in the foreground.	A person cooks as a man stares off into space, a box of butter is in the foreground.	1
People walk in front of a store that is having a 50% SALE.	Pedestrians walk by a store.	1
People walk in front of a store that is having a 50% SALE.	People walk by a street performer.	0
A dog is running down a dirt path.	A dog jumps up on a stranger.	0
A dog is running down a dirt path.	A dog runs down a path.	1
Boy in Red uniform holding up trophy.	A child holds an award.	1
Boy in Red uniform holding up trophy.	A girl scout holds her cookie selling trophy.	0
The girls are having a drink.	the girls are drinking	1
The girls are having a drink.	the girls are not drinking	0
Two women prepare food samples.	Two kids are preparing food.	0
Two women prepare food samples.	Women are preparing food.	1
A woman points at something while another woman touches her hand at a bar.	One woman is a man.	0
A woman points at something while another woman touches her hand at a bar.	The women are at a bar.	1
A young women is looking at fruit cups prepared by an older, red-haired woman.	The two women are near some fruit cups	1
A young women is looking at fruit cups prepared by an older, red-haired woman.	the old man is trying to eat a pancake	0
A man and woman are in the kitchen and a package of Challenge butter is in the foreground.	A man and woman are not in the kitchen	0
A man and woman are in the kitchen and a package of Challenge butter is in the foreground.	A man and woman are in the kitchen	1
A guy wearing a black shirt and pants at a skate park outdoors.	A man wearing black is at an outdoor skate park.	1
A guy wearing a black shirt and pants at a skate park outdoors.	A girl in white is at an indoor soccer game.	0
Two people a man and woman riding an elephant in a field.	Three people are getting trampled by an elephant.	0
Two people a man and woman riding an elephant in a field.	Three people are riding on a big animal outdoors.	1
A man in a black shirt is at a skateboard park holding his skateboard.	A man is roller skating at a skate park.	0
A man in a black shirt is at a skateboard park holding his skateboard.	The man has a skateboard.	1
A man with a skateboard is contemplating his next move at the top of the skateboard hole.	the man is holding an object.	1
A man with a skateboard is contemplating his next move at the top of the skateboard hole.	The man is ice skating at the rink.	0
A elephant carrying two people, one of them a passenger in a chair on top of the elephant, and one of them guiding the elephant.	Two people are on an elephant.	1
A elephant carrying two people, one of them a passenger in a chair on top of the elephant, and one of them guiding the elephant.	Two people are riding on a giraffe.	0
An older man wearing glasses is holding the door open of a red minivan.	A little girl is standing by a fountain.	0
An older man wearing glasses is holding the door open of a red minivan.	An older man is standing outside.	1
A man and a woman kissing outdoors.	A homosexual couple are kissing.	0
A man and a woman kissing outdoors.	A couple are expressing affection.	1
A blond girl kisses a bow with brown hair while standing outside of a building.	There are people standing outside.	1
A blond girl kisses a bow with brown hair while standing outside of a building.	The girl has black hair.	0
A couple shares a kiss on the sidewalk in front of a large building.	A couple kissing outside a large building.	1
A couple shares a kiss on the sidewalk in front of a large building.	Two men in a fight indoors	0
Man and women kissing in public.	A man and woman in an argument.	0
Man and women kissing in public.	A man and woman kissing.	1
A child in a purple shirt stares over a metal railing.	A child is walking down the street.	0
A child in a purple shirt stares over a metal railing.	A child is holding a railing.	1
The child sleeps on a multicolored lined pillow.	The child is playing hopscotch.	0
The child sleeps on a multicolored lined pillow.	A child sleeps on a striped pillow.	1
A child sleeping on a striped pillow.	The child has gone to bed.	1
A child sleeping on a striped pillow.	The child is reading under his blankets.	0
A young boy is sleeping on a blue and green striped pillow at night.	A boy sleeps.	1
A young boy is sleeping on a blue and green striped pillow at night.	A girl sleeps.	0
A young boy is sleeping.	A child is not awake.	1
A young boy is sleeping.	A boy is climbing a mountain.	0
A woman is sitting in a room and painting.	A college student is sculpting a statue.	0
A woman is sitting in a room and painting.	A lady is painting.	1
Joe's Pizza has an ATM and people pass by.	The ATM is accessible to patrons of the pizza parlor	1
Joe's Pizza has an ATM and people pass by.	You cannot get money out of the bank at Joe's Pizza	0
A blond-haired girl is wearing a purple top, yellow pants, different colored socks, and shoes.	The girl is wearing a solid red dress and is barefoot.	0
A blond-haired girl is wearing a purple top, yellow pants, different colored socks, and shoes.	The girl has hair.	1
Many people are standing in front of a store called Joe's Pizza.	The group is waiting to get a on plane at the airport.	0
Many people are standing in front of a store called Joe's Pizza.	The group of people are standing outside the pizza place.	1
A seated, older woman finishing a painting of a group of African women.	An old lady paints a picture.	1
A seated, older woman finishing a painting of a group of African women.	The woman is standing next to her freshly carved sculpture.	0
A small crowd outside of Famous Joe's Pizza.	There is a large crowd.	0
A small crowd outside of Famous Joe's Pizza.	There is a small crowd.	1
A group of men standing outside a pizza place.	A group of women standing outside a pizza place.	0
A group of men standing outside a pizza place.	A group of people  standing outside a pizza place.	1
A boy walking in the surf on a beach.	The boy is getting his feet wet.	1
A boy walking in the surf on a beach.	The boy is on top of a mountain.	0
An old woman in a computer chair, painting a picture with several people in it.	A woman rides a bicycle in the park.	0
An old woman in a computer chair, painting a picture with several people in it.	An elderly lady in a chair painting a picture of people.	1
An Asian store with people walking throughout and a big red arrow pointing left.	People are walking in a store with signage.	1
An Asian store with people walking throughout and a big red arrow pointing left.	An Asian store with people skipping about near a big green arrow pointing right.	0
People are shopping at a busy marketplace.	Many people are buying goods at a market.	1
People are shopping at a busy marketplace.	A single person does not buy anything from the garage sale.	0
A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	A Thailand marketplace sells food.	1
A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	The marketplace is no longer selling products.	0
A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	A Thai food marketplace.	1
A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	A grocery store in the United Kingdom.	0
A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	The area sells food in Thailand.	1
A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	There is an abandoned Walmart overgrown with weeds in the middle of a ghost town.	0
A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	There is a market that primarily deals in the sale of food items.	1
A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	A Thailand marketplace has not ever sold food.	0
A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	A Meijer in Illinois selling groceries.	0
A marketplace that sells food in Thailand.	A market in Thailand selling food.	1
Many people shopping in a indoor market.	There are people shopping	1
Many people shopping in a indoor market.	There are people shopping outdoors	0
A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	The guy can play a musical instrument.	1
A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	The guy is playing music	1
A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	The woman is playing an instrument along with the guy.	0
A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	A man and woman are fighting over a can of tuna.	0
A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	A man and woman are beside eachother.	1
A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	the man is fishing in the ocean	0
A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	A man plays the bagpipes standing next to a woman with her belly button showing.	1
A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	The guy is laying in bed	0
A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	A guy is playing the flute while walking down the street.	0
A guy is playing the bagpipes while standing next to a woman in a light blue outfit with her belly button showing.	a man plays an instrument	1
A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	There are two people fighting in a river.	0
A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	A well dressed man is playing music with a woman next to him.	1
A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	There is a person playing an instrument.	1
A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	young blonde woman in a blue shirt and skirt plays bagpipes while a balding man in a suit and tie sticks his tongue out	0
A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	A man plays the accordion alone.	0
A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	a balding man with facial hair wearing a dark suit and tie plays bagpipes as a young blonde woman stands next to him in a blue shirt and skirt sticking her tongue out.	1
A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	Girl and man shopping in Walmart	0
A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	Girl teasing bald man playing bagpipes	1
A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	A couple are holding hands.	0
A balding man in a dark suit and maroon tie, with a mustache and beard, plays bagpipes, as a young blond woman standing next to him in a light blue crop top and skirt listens and sticks her tongue out.	A man plays bagpipes while a woman listens.	1
A guy in a suit playing bagpipes next to a girl wearing teal clothing.	A man plays bagpipes near a woman.	1
A guy in a suit playing bagpipes next to a girl wearing teal clothing.	A woman plays with her dog.	0
A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A man and a woman are next to each other and the man is playing bagpipes.	1
A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	The woman is wearing a winter coat.	0
A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A man is wearing a suit next to a woman.	1
A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	The man is playing the instrument.	1
A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A man is next a young blond woman.	1
A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A woman plays the bagpipes for her boyfriend	0
A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A young blonde woman sits next to a man in a suit playing bagpipes	1
A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A man and a woman are figure skating.	0
A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	A man is wearing a suit and playing bagpipes for another man.	0
A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed.	The man is silently doing nothing.	0
a well dressed man playing bagpipes next to a girl	A person playing an instrument.	1
a well dressed man playing bagpipes next to a girl	A homeless man begs for change.	0
Several people are jumping in the air together on a stage.	On the stage, there are a bunch of people jumping up in the air.	1
Several people are jumping in the air together on a stage.	The people on the stage are standing and not moving at all.	0
A woman and two girls dressed in pink.	Three people are swimming.	0
A woman and two girls dressed in pink.	Three people are wearing pink.	1
Buying fruit at an outdoor market.	Getting food outdoors.	1
Buying fruit at an outdoor market.	Getting food at an indoor grocery store.	0
A group of eight dancer both male and female dressed in casual shirts and pants are seen jumping in midair.	A group of eight male dancers sits on  a bus.	0
A group of eight dancer both male and female dressed in casual shirts and pants are seen jumping in midair.	Some dancers jump into the air.	1
A young girl wearing a purple sweater is mixing egg yolks in the kitchen.	A child is reading in her bedroom.	0
A young girl wearing a purple sweater is mixing egg yolks in the kitchen.	A girl is mixing eggs in the kitchen.	1
Two people are reading a sign in front of a museum.	two people are reading a sign in front of a museum in improve our knowledge	1
Two people are reading a sign in front of a museum.	two people are running in the rain	0
Two women wearing hijab garments walk on a sidewalk, one of the women is carrying a child on her shoulders.	 Two women wearing hijab garments.	1
Two women wearing hijab garments walk on a sidewalk, one of the women is carrying a child on her shoulders.	Two women swimming in lava.	0
A dog under a sheet.	The dog is an animal.	1
A dog under a sheet.	The dog is not an animal.	0
A blond girl opens her mouth.	A man is eating a donut.	0
A blond girl opens her mouth.	A girl has her mouth open.	1
A dog is covered from nose to knees in a blue sheet.	A dog getting shaved.	0
A dog is covered from nose to knees in a blue sheet.	A dressed up dog	1
A child, in a red coat, makes a funny face for the camera.	A child sleeping at a photography session.	0
A child, in a red coat, makes a funny face for the camera.	A child making a face at a camera.	1
Adorable blond-hair little girl posing for her Daddy while he takes her picture.	A blonde haired girl is posing for the camera.	1
Adorable blond-hair little girl posing for her Daddy while he takes her picture.	A blonde haired girl is in class at school.	0
An older man in safety orange holds a piece of wood next to another older man with gray hair.	Two old men hold a beam.	1
An older man in safety orange holds a piece of wood next to another older man with gray hair.	Two men walk past each other.	0
A male with sunglasses is out supporting his cause.	A man wears shorts and sits by a fountain.	0
A male with sunglasses is out supporting his cause.	A man wearing suglasses is showing support to his cause.	1
A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	The men have no clothes.	0
A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	The man is naked in his shower.	0
A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	The man is near another man.	1
A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	Two men are wearing glasses.	1
A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	Two people dance in a ballroom.	0
A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	a man wears a cap	1
A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	A worker and a man are depicted here.	1
A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	the man is at home sleeping	0
A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	A safety official uses a streetlamp post to impale the Umpire of the Super Bowl.	0
A man in an orange ball cap, sunglasses and orange reflector jacket holding a pole standing next to another man in a striped shirt and glasses.	Two men stand together, one dressed in orange safety gear and holding a pole and the other one wearing stripes.	1
A man with a orange hat holding a stick is talking to a man wearing sunglasses and wearing a striped shirt.	A woman is talking to her sister.	0
A man with a orange hat holding a stick is talking to a man wearing sunglasses and wearing a striped shirt.	A man is talking to a man.	1
The woman in the dark coat is facing the camera, while the man in the blue shirt faces away.	The woman and man are kissing each other passionately.	0
The woman in the dark coat is facing the camera, while the man in the blue shirt faces away.	There are two people.	1
A man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a colorful picture, holding a newspaper and looking over his left shoulder.	A man breaks the picture.	0
A man in a blue shirt is standing in front of a colorful picture, holding a newspaper and looking over his left shoulder.	A man is in front of a picture.	1
An old man holding a large stick.	A guy holding something.	1
An old man holding a large stick.	A old guy is clapping.	0
A woman taking her wallet out of her purse at a vendor stand.	A woman buying something from a vendor.	1
A woman taking her wallet out of her purse at a vendor stand.	The man pulls out a gun to rob the vendor stand.	0
A woman is eagerly waiting on her dinner guest.	The woman is having a hot date tonight at the restaurant.	1
A woman is eagerly waiting on her dinner guest.	The woman was having a movie night in with her girlfriends.	0
The skier is sliding on his side as he attempts the slalom	The skateboarder slides down a ramp.	0
The skier is sliding on his side as he attempts the slalom	The athlete tries to perform a difficult task.	1
A downhill slalom skier leaning through a turn.	The skier is drinking in the hot tub.	0
A downhill slalom skier leaning through a turn.	The skier is holding ski poles.	1
Two men walking down the sidewalk carrying skateboards.	Two people are walking outside.	1
Two men walking down the sidewalk carrying skateboards.	Two woman are carrying skateboards.	0
Women sitting at a bar, two drinks on top of the bar with string lights in the background.	Women are sitting at a bar with two drinks.	1
Women sitting at a bar, two drinks on top of the bar with string lights in the background.	Women are having drinks at home.	0
A woman in a white tank top is sitting at a table with Margarita glasses.	A woman is sitting at home in her pyjamas.	0
A woman in a white tank top is sitting at a table with Margarita glasses.	A female is sitting down.	1
a female sitting at a table with a drink in front of her.	A female sleeping in a crowded classroom.	0
a female sitting at a table with a drink in front of her.	A women sitting at a table next to a glass filled wth her drink.	1
A woman in a white tank top is sitting at a bar.	There is no one inside the bar	0
A woman in a white tank top is sitting at a bar.	There is a female at the bar	1
Two girls and one boy with a shovel, digging in a large pile of dirt.	Three kids are playing outside.	1
Two girls and one boy with a shovel, digging in a large pile of dirt.	Three kids are filing in holes with dirt.	0
The snowboarder is jumping from a snow covered height.	A skier is coming down a mountain.	0
The snowboarder is jumping from a snow covered height.	A snowboarder is completing a jump.	1
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.	The dog walks along the sidewalk with no collar.	0
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.	The black dog has a red collar and sits in the sand.	1
The man is throwing a tennis ball for the brown dog to fetch.	A dog is playing fetch.	1
The man is throwing a tennis ball for the brown dog to fetch.	A dog is chasing down a frisbee.	0
A classroom full of kids of different ages.	A school room filled with different aged children.	1
A classroom full of kids of different ages.	A classroom with some teenagers in it.	0
Young girls in bathing suits playing in the knee deep water beyond the blue railing.	Young girls are playing in the water.	1
Young girls in bathing suits playing in the knee deep water beyond the blue railing.	The water is twenty feet deep.	0
a black lab sits in the sand.	The dog is running across the surf, chasing a young boy and girl running in front of him.	0
a black lab sits in the sand.	There is a dog in this picture.	1
Kids play in water.	There are kids in the water.	1
Kids play in water.	Kids are playing chess in the park.	0
A British concert band seated and playing under a canvas awning across from a crowd of spectators gathered on the lawn.	Members of the audience form a mosh pit after being energized by the rock band's performance.	0
A British concert band seated and playing under a canvas awning across from a crowd of spectators gathered on the lawn.	A band performing music for a large group of people.	1
Patriotic band is playing music for onlookers.	A band is cooking for onlookers.	0
Patriotic band is playing music for onlookers.	A band is playing music for onlookers.	1
Three people are watching a concert while seated in lawn chairs.	Three people are sunbathing.	0
Three people are watching a concert while seated in lawn chairs.	People are at an outdoor concert.	1
Four young girls sit at a glass table and have lunch together.	Four boys playing soccer.	0
Four young girls sit at a glass table and have lunch together.	Some girls are eating lunch.	1
Four young children eating lunch outside.	The children are inside.	0
Four young children eating lunch outside.	The children are outside.	1
Four young girls are at a table eating a meal outside on a sunny day.	The girls are dining outside.	1
Four young girls are at a table eating a meal outside on a sunny day.	The girls are taking shelter from the rain.	0
Four young girls sit around an outdoor glass table eating hotdogs.	four girls are eating inside.	0
Four young girls sit around an outdoor glass table eating hotdogs.	four girls are sitting outside.	1
A group of girls is eating out on a deck.	A group of men eating inside	0
A group of girls is eating out on a deck.	A group of people eating outside	1
An asian man riding his bicycle down the street.	An American walking on the beach.	0
An asian man riding his bicycle down the street.	A man riding his bike.	1
A man rides his bicycle down the middle of a road.	The man is outside.	1
A man rides his bicycle down the middle of a road.	The man is driving a car.	0
A man and his friend push a concession stand while in the park.	A man and his friend are standing behind a concession stand.	0
A man and his friend push a concession stand while in the park.	A man and his friend are at a concession stand.	1
A little boy in a yellow shirt walking on stones.	A boy is riding in a car.	0
A little boy in a yellow shirt walking on stones.	A boy is outside.	1
Two men dressed in jeans and t-shirts push a cart advertising coconut water.	two men push a cart	1
Two men dressed in jeans and t-shirts push a cart advertising coconut water.	Two men dressed in shorts and t-shirts push a cart advertising coconut water.	0
Asian man in suit rides his bike on up the street.	The Asian man is outdoors.	1
Asian man in suit rides his bike on up the street.	The man is sitting on the roof.	0
An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The girl skips down the sidewalk.	0
An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	A boy is sitting on the porch of a brick building.	0
An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The boy is outside.	1
An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	A boy is outdoors.	1
An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The boy is sitting on a rock.	0
An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The boy is watching TV at home.	0
An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	A boy is stepping on a stone near a brick building.	1
An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The boy is at a tea party at his friend's house.	0
An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	The boy is outside.	1
An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.	A boy is stepping on a rock outside.	1
A man is wearing blue socks and a kilt.	A guy wearing wearing blue socks.	1
A man is wearing blue socks and a kilt.	A man is wearing black pants.	0
A man wearing a kilt is standing on a field surrounded by flags and flowers.	The man is wearing blue jeans.	0
A man wearing a kilt is standing on a field surrounded by flags and flowers.	The man is wearing a kilt.	1
A man in a kilt competes in an sporting contest at a Highland Games event.	The man is in a gown.	0
A man in a kilt competes in an sporting contest at a Highland Games event.	A man is in a kilt.	1
The back of a man wearing a kilt on a grass field.	A man wearing a kilt in a field.	1
The back of a man wearing a kilt on a grass field.	A man wearing pants working in a field.	0
Women walks down mall entrance with Spanish writing.	A woman is indoors.	1
Women walks down mall entrance with Spanish writing.	A woman is driving.	0
A young girl in a playground is pulling the string on a pink yo-yo.	A person is playing with a toy outside.	1
A young girl in a playground is pulling the string on a pink yo-yo.	The girl is at home watching TV.	0
The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	A man takes a photo in front of graffiti	1
The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The slightly visible man is taking pictures of the graffiti	1
The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The wall is plain brick design.	0
The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The man is running on a treadmill.	0
The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	A man who you can see all his face poses	0
The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The wall is plain.	0
The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The man is near a wall.	1
The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The man is very easy to view.	0
The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	There is a wall of grafitti.	1
The man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.	The wall is decorated with bright colors.	1
A woman in jeans is walking past a woman dressed in red in a plaza.	The woman in jeans stopped infront of the woman dressed in red.	0
A woman in jeans is walking past a woman dressed in red in a plaza.	The female in jeans passed the woman dressed in red at the plaza.	1
A picture of a walkway formed by two rows of columns.	A walkway is surrounded by a brick wall.	0
A picture of a walkway formed by two rows of columns.	A walkway is surrounded by pillars	1
People walking down a busy street in the middle east.	people walking down a busy street	1
People walking down a busy street in the middle east.	people sitting in a busy street	0
A police officer is performing with a puppet that looks like a bird.	There is a firefighter running into a building on fire.	0
A police officer is performing with a puppet that looks like a bird.	There is a puppet.	1
A African teacher, smiling, while working with baby on back.	An English teacher is writing on the board.	0
A African teacher, smiling, while working with baby on back.	A teacher is holding a baby.	1
A man on a bicycle riding down a road.	A man is driving down a road.	0
A man on a bicycle riding down a road.	A man is riding his bike on the street	1
A night photo of a person making a fireball.	A night photo of a person.	1
A night photo of a person making a fireball.	A night photo of a man making a fireball.	0
A night photo of a person making a fireball.	A night photo of several people making a snowman.	0
A burst of fire emerges from an experimenter in a darkened backyard.	The burst of fire is from a malfunctioning nuclear weapon.	0
A burst of fire emerges from an experimenter in a darkened backyard.	Someone is running an experiment.	1
a man breathes fire.	The man is breathing fire.	1
a man breathes fire.	The man is lighting the house on fire.	0
A man breathing fire, obscured by a fence.	A man is breathing fire.	1
A man breathing fire, obscured by a fence.	A man is jumping off a cliff.	0
A couple is sitting in a blue raft watching a lot of people in bathing suits on a boat.	a couple having dinner	0
A couple is sitting in a blue raft watching a lot of people in bathing suits on a boat.	a couple sitting in a raft	1
Little boy attempting to help mom do dishes& play in the bubbles.	There is a boy playing.	1
Little boy attempting to help mom do dishes& play in the bubbles.	A mother and son are sleeping.	0
Black woman with her baby tied to her back writing on a chalkboard.	The black woman has a baby.	1
Black woman with her baby tied to her back writing on a chalkboard.	The woman does not have a baby.	0
Various people are trying to board a crowded, orange bus at night.	people trying to board	1
Various people are trying to board a crowded, orange bus at night.	the people are flying a plane	0
Two people are walking in the woods.	some people hiking thru a forest	1
Two people are walking in the woods.	one person is running on  down town sidewalks	0
A photographer taking pictures.	A man crying	0
A photographer taking pictures.	A photographer holding a camera	1
A woman in a black dress is surrounded by four men, all holding sheets of paper.	A woman is wearing a dress.	1
A woman in a black dress is surrounded by four men, all holding sheets of paper.	A woman is running from men.	0
Four men and a woman singing a song together at a party.	A group of people singing.	1
Four men and a woman singing a song together at a party.	A group of nuns watching tv.	0
A man in a sleeveless shirt is juggling burning objects.	A man is juggling items.	1
A man in a sleeveless shirt is juggling burning objects.	A person is preparing his yearly tax returns	0
A boy and a girl sit while facing the water.	There are dogs taking a bath.	0
A dog jumps up to take something from a woman's hand.	A woman is holding something near a dog.	1
A dog jumps up to take something from a woman's hand.	A dingo is biting a woman with no hands.	0
Two young women wearing bikini tops and denim shorts walk along side an orange VW Beetle.	Two young women are not wearing coats and jeans	1
Two young women wearing bikini tops and denim shorts walk along side an orange VW Beetle.	Two young women are swimming in the lake	0
A woman raises her hand as a bus passes by.	A woman raises her hand	1
A woman raises her hand as a bus passes by.	A woman doesn't raise her hand	0
A young blond woman in a blue jersey holds her stick waiting for the game to start.	A young blond woman holds her radio by the hockey field.	0
A young blond woman in a blue jersey holds her stick waiting for the game to start.	A young woman waits to play hockey.	1
A young lady opens a gift.	A little girl is knitting.	0
A young lady opens a gift.	A lady has a gift.	1
Two women happily talk to a street vendor in a striped shirt.	Two men are walking together.	0
Two women happily talk to a street vendor in a striped shirt.	Women are outside	1
Three young boy acting in a play.	Three girls playing.	0
Three young boy acting in a play.	Three boys in a play.	1
A young man doing skateboarding trick with another man watching.	A man watches as a young man does skateboard tricks.	1
A young man doing skateboarding trick with another man watching.	A cat is playing with a ball of yarn.	0
A woman with brown hair and a black blazer is making a speech at a podium about working women.	A woman is giving a speech to a crowd	1
A woman with brown hair and a black blazer is making a speech at a podium about working women.	A woman is telling other woman to retire and go home	0
A brunette woman in a striped shirt speaks to two blond women from behind a table.	Women talking near furniture.	1
A brunette woman in a striped shirt speaks to two blond women from behind a table.	Bald women swallowing oysters.	0
Two people play outdoors.	two people are outdoors	1
Two people play outdoors.	two people are on a plane	0
This is a male juggler tossing three flaming batons at night near a yellow car and in front a picket fence.	The man is afraid to light his batons until he gets better at juggling.	0
This is a male juggler tossing three flaming batons at night near a yellow car and in front a picket fence.	The man is juggling fire.	1
Two women visiting a wine sample table.	The women are at a location where alcohol is served.	1
Two women visiting a wine sample table.	The women are sleeping.	0
Two children look down squeezing through a fence.	The fence has no holes	0
Two children look down squeezing through a fence.	People climb through a hole in a fence	1
A woman holding the hand of a young girl, as they walk by a subway bench.	A woman and a girl running down a narrow dirt road.	0
A woman holding the hand of a young girl, as they walk by a subway bench.	A woman and her daughter holding hands as they go to catch the subway train.	1
Two women walking by an orange VW bug.	The car is nearby.	1
Two women walking by an orange VW bug.	The car is far away from the women.	0
Woman in pink top walking past 3 men sitting on the steps.	Woman in an orange top is running past the 4 men	0
Woman in pink top walking past 3 men sitting on the steps.	The men are not walking.	1
Two dogs, one large and one small, are playing together in the grass.	The pets are sitting on a couch.	0
Two dogs, one large and one small, are playing together in the grass.	Ther are animals outdoors.	1
A smiling young woman holds a video camera and walks through a park.	The woman is holding a camera.	1
A smiling young woman holds a video camera and walks through a park.	The woman is sad.	0
A negro male in a white t-shirt and a black hat sitting on the curb texting.	A woman sitting in a lawnchair	0
A negro male in a white t-shirt and a black hat sitting on the curb texting.	A black man wearing a hat, sitting on a curb	1
A woman with a pink shirt walks down the street.	Woman with a white shirt going to school	0
A woman with a pink shirt walks down the street.	Woman wearing a pink shirt	1
A woman wears sunglasses and a black coat as she walks.	A man eats a hotdog at his kitchen table.	0
A woman wears sunglasses and a black coat as she walks.	The lady in black walks while wearing her shades.	1
Two people on bike racing on track rounding a corner	A lone man rides his bike around a track	0
Two people on bike racing on track rounding a corner	A couple of people racing on bicycles	1
Colorful costumed men in a performance.	Men are in colorful costumes	1
Colorful costumed men in a performance.	Men are nude	0
Asian men are participating in some kind of activity wearing traditional garb.	A group of asian men sitting down together for a meal.	0
Asian men are participating in some kind of activity wearing traditional garb.	A group of asian men wearing traditional garb practicing with one another.	1
Men dressed in costumes take part in a performance as a crowd watches.	The men dressed in costumes are taking a lunch break after their performance.	0
Men dressed in costumes take part in a performance as a crowd watches.	A crowd is watching men dresses in costumes perform.	1
A woman with green hair hula hoops before a crowd.	A woman hula hoops.	1
A woman with green hair hula hoops before a crowd.	A woman with blue hair hula hoops before a growd.	0
A woman in a green wig hula-hoops in front of a crowd.	A woman falls over while running.	0
A woman in a green wig hula-hoops in front of a crowd.	A woman shakes her hips.	1
A woman with green hair hula-hoops in a flowered orange top.	A woman selling crack.	0
A woman with green hair hula-hoops in a flowered orange top.	A woman with green hair hula hooping.	1
The girl with green hair and a green glove is swinging a hula hoop.	A girl swinging a hula hoop.	1
The girl with green hair and a green glove is swinging a hula hoop.	A girl with red hair and a black glove swinging a hula hoop.	0
A man at work with a navy colored sweater diving.	A man diving.	1
A man at work with a navy colored sweater diving.	A man on a bike.	0
A man in navy blue& orange outfit is riding a Go-cart.	A man wearing red and green riding a horse.	0
A man in navy blue& orange outfit is riding a Go-cart.	A man wearing a navy blue and orange outfit riding in a go cart at a go cart track.	1
A man is driving some sort of vehicle wearing a bright orange vest.	A man is driving.	1
A man is driving some sort of vehicle wearing a bright orange vest.	A woman is driving.	0
A construction worker trying to control traffic in one of the busiest construction sites.	The construction worker is directing traffic.	1
A construction worker trying to control traffic in one of the busiest construction sites.	The worker is sitting down on his phone.	0
A man is driving a car and is exited.	A man is sending a text message while driving.	0
A man is driving a car and is exited.	A man is driving a car happily.	1
Child wearing a red shirt sits on a rock in the water.	Child sitting on a rock in the water.	1
Child wearing a red shirt sits on a rock in the water.	Child wearing a blue shirt sits on the couch playing video games.	0
A girl sitting on a rock in the middle of a body of water	Girl is outdoors.	1
A girl sitting on a rock in the middle of a body of water	A girl is on a boat.	0
A man performs repairs on a public transportation system.	A man is cooking hamburgers.	0
A man performs repairs on a public transportation system.	A man fixes a public transit bus.	1
A giant inflatable ball, taller than a man, is chased by two men in orange shirts.	two men chase a giant ball	1
A giant inflatable ball, taller than a man, is chased by two men in orange shirts.	two men chase 2 girls	0
A construction worker moves a device along a rail in front of a construction site.	The worker is a lawyer.	0
A construction worker moves a device along a rail in front of a construction site.	The worker moves something.	1
A man in a orange vest and black pants works on tracks in a city.	The man is quitting and going home.	0
A man in a orange vest and black pants works on tracks in a city.	A man works outside.	1
A man wearing a orange work vest is using a device to work on railing for public transit, in the city.	a man is working	1
A man wearing a orange work vest is using a device to work on railing for public transit, in the city.	the man painted by the river	0
two men roll a huge ball.	Women are playing catch with a ball.	0
two men roll a huge ball.	Men roll a ball.	1
A shoeshine man sits on his stool in front of an empty seat.	A shoeshine man is patiently waiting for his next customer.	1
A shoeshine man sits on his stool in front of an empty seat.	The man is polishing a shoe.	0
A child dressed in a princess outfit sleeping.	The child was asleep wearing a princess outfit	1
A child dressed in a princess outfit sleeping.	The child was not wearing a princess outfit.	0
A shoe shiner waits for customers.	The shoe shiner died.	0
A shoe shiner waits for customers.	A shoe shiner is present.	1
A shoe shiner waits for customers.	A person shining shoes.	0
A shoe shiner waits for customers.	a person shining shoes waiting for a new customer to come	1
A shoe shiner waits for customers.	The shoe shiner is busy	0
A shoe shiner waits for customers.	A shoe shiner runs.	0
A shoe shiner waits for customers.	The shiner is waiting patiently	1
A shoe shiner waits for customers.	A person waiting for customers.	1
A shoe shiner waits for customers.	A shoe shiner waits.	1
A shoe shiner waits for customers.	a man shines a light	0
A man sites on a bench waiting to shoeshine.	The man near a bench.	1
A man sites on a bench waiting to shoeshine.	There are no shoes.	0
A little girl dressed in a princess costume, asleep on a wood floor.	There lies a female who is not awake.	1
A little girl dressed in a princess costume, asleep on a wood floor.	The girl is awake and eating Halloween candy.	0
A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	She is sleeping on a bed.	0
A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A girl is cuddling her doll.	1
A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A young girl is attached to her baby doll	1
A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	The girl is inside.	1
A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	The girl is dancing with her dolls.	0
A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A girl in pink is sleeping on the wooden floor with her doll.	1
A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A young girl is in her bed	0
A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	Her doll brings her comfort.	1
A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	A girl is playing with her doll outside.	0
A barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll.	The girl is wearing shoes.	0
a girl sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume	The doll is naked.	0
a girl sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume	There is a girl.	1
There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is in outer space.	0
There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl failing at playing hide and go seek.	0
There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl is sleeping.	1
There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	Some little girls like to sleep with their dolls.	1
There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	Her dolls are in the cabinet.	0
There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	A girl napping with her dolls.	1
There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is near her dolls.	1
There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	The girl is watching TV	0
There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	All young children hate to sleep with dolls.	0
There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.	She loves her dolls.	1
An African American man smiling.	The man is crying.	0
An African American man smiling.	The man is happy.	1
A boy in a red shirt walks through a trail followed by an elderly woman dressed in tan clothes.	A boy is walking outside.	1
A boy in a red shirt walks through a trail followed by an elderly woman dressed in tan clothes.	A elderly woman is being mugged by a young boy dressed in black.	0
A man stands with his arms crossed, smiling at something out of view.	The guy is smiling at something.	1
A man stands with his arms crossed, smiling at something out of view.	The guy is getting pissed off.	0
A bald headed man in business casual attire is amused by something occurring off-screen- likely a comedic performance.	The man is watching a movie.	1
A bald headed man in business casual attire is amused by something occurring off-screen- likely a comedic performance.	The man is wearing short pants and a muscle shirt.	0
This little girl is riding her bike.	A young girl plays golf with her father.	0
This little girl is riding her bike.	A young girl rides her bike.	1
A man in blue jeans with other people smiling at someone else.	A person wears a pair of pants.	1
A man in blue jeans with other people smiling at someone else.	A man in khakis frowns at someone else.	0
A man sitting on a step in front of a red door smoking.	A woman applying makeup in the mirror.	0
A man sitting on a step in front of a red door smoking.	A man smoking a cigarette in front of a building.	1
Man in a white t-shirt, smoking a cigarette, sitting in front of a red door.	The man is wearing a green shirt.	0
Man in a white t-shirt, smoking a cigarette, sitting in front of a red door.	The man is smoking a cigarette.	1
A asian man smoking on porch.	the man is wearing a robe	0
A asian man smoking on porch.	the man is smoking.	1
A man in black sneakers is sitting and smoking.	The man is a world-class sprinter, and has just won the gold medal at the U.S. Track Invitational.	0
A man in black sneakers is sitting and smoking.	There is one man in the picture.	1
A man sitting on a step.	a man is sitting	1
A man sitting on a step.	the man is standing	0
Two dark-haired women in white dresses walk past a enlarged photograph of two golfers.	Men jumping on a raft.	0
Two dark-haired women in white dresses walk past a enlarged photograph of two golfers.	Two women walking.	1
Three people are pushing a heavy machine.	The people are laying in bed.	0
Three people are pushing a heavy machine.	The people are pushing heavy equipment.	1
a man, a woman, and a younger girl are moving a device with a conveyor belt	People utilize modern technology.	1
a man, a woman, and a younger girl are moving a device with a conveyor belt	A family pushes a device with sheer muscle power.	0
Three people push a piece of large machinery through the street.	Three people are running to catch a train.	0
Three people push a piece of large machinery through the street.	people are transporting a big machinery.	1
People attempting to move X-ray machine down the street.	Several persons try to move a medical equipment.	1
People attempting to move X-ray machine down the street.	X-ray machine was ready for the next patient.	0
Three people are pushing a large machine down a street.	Three people carry a large machine across the hall.	0
Three people are pushing a large machine down a street.	A few people are outside  moving a machine.	1
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.	A boy stands in a dimly lit area.	0
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.	A person stands in a dimly lit area.	1
a lone woamn wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk	A woman wearing a dress outside.	0
a lone woamn wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk	A woman wearing clothes outside.	1
Girl with crossed arms stands in stone corridor, seated figure in background.	A girl is sleeping.	0
Girl with crossed arms stands in stone corridor, seated figure in background.	A girl is standing.	1
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	Male is standing in the middle of a bus.	0
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	Girls is standing at train station.	1
A female in blue jeans is standing in an enclosed area with arms folded.	A girl is wearing pants.	1
A female in blue jeans is standing in an enclosed area with arms folded.	A coach in uniform stands watching the team with his arms folded.	0
Men working in dirty conditions with red fabric.	Men are leaving a clean home.	0
Men working in dirty conditions with red fabric.	Men are working in a dirty room with red material	1
People in a very poor country go about their daily lives.	There are destitute people.	1
People in a very poor country go about their daily lives.	The people live in a rich country.	0
Three men work in an alley, while a woman watches from a balcony.	a couple of men are playing guitars	0
Three men work in an alley, while a woman watches from a balcony.	a woman is looking at men doing something	1
A person wearing red is at the forefront of an underdeveloped city with man hanging cloths visible.	The person is laying on the hot beach.	0
A person wearing red is at the forefront of an underdeveloped city with man hanging cloths visible.	The person is wearing red.	1
three boys sitting in sand getting splashed by wave	three boys in the ocean	1
three boys sitting in sand getting splashed by wave	three girls fall in the water	0
Four young men are sitting on the beach under a crashing wave.	A wave is about to crash on four people.	1
Four young men are sitting on the beach under a crashing wave.	Some people are sleeping.	0
A family of four that is near a canal where boats are going in and out of.	A family is outside near a canal with boats.	1
A family of four that is near a canal where boats are going in and out of.	The family is sitting in the den.	0
A man and a woman in pink shirts snack with children.	A man and woman snack with kids.	1
A man and a woman in pink shirts snack with children.	The two women in blue shirts eat dinner with the kids.	0
A family of four is standing and eating by a harbor.	A family of four is sitting at a harbor to catch the next boat.	0
A family of four is standing and eating by a harbor.	A family is eating by a harbor.	1
A family is standing outdoors on a cloudy day.	Two strangers are outdoors on a cloudy day.	0
A family is standing outdoors on a cloudy day.	People are standing outside.	1
A family standing on a dock eating snacks!	The family is spending time together.	1
A family standing on a dock eating snacks!	The people are at the movies.	0
Man with glasses is holding his hands up to his face.	A man with glasses.	1
Man with glasses is holding his hands up to his face.	A dog is eating his owner's hand.	0
two toddlers play together.	A group of teenagers play video games.	0
two toddlers play together.	There are babies next to each other.	1
Two young children are playing with toys.	The kids are playing.	1
Two young children are playing with toys.	The children are taking a nap.	0
Some toddlers are playing in a foam playpen.	Some small children are in the playpen.	1
Some toddlers are playing in a foam playpen.	The children are climbing into the treehouse.	0
Two toddlers in a brightly colored play area.	Two infants crying in their crib.	0
Two toddlers in a brightly colored play area.	Two very young children in a playground.	1
A young man playing an electric guitar while sitting on the sidewalk.	A guy plays guitar.	1
A young man playing an electric guitar while sitting on the sidewalk.	A dog chases a car.	0
The man does a trick on the fourwheeler.	A boy pops a wheelie on a bicycle.	0
The man does a trick on the fourwheeler.	A guy on an ATV.	1
A silver-haired man at the steering wheel looks back and smiles.	A woman walking.	0
A silver-haired man at the steering wheel looks back and smiles.	A man is smiling.	1
A silver-haired man at the steering wheel looks back and smiles.	A man sitting at a steering wheel.	1
A smiling man in the driver's seat of an automobile turns to the backseat.	A man drives a car into a tree.	0
A smiling man in the driver's seat of an automobile turns to the backseat.	A man is in a car.	1
A man with a mustache who is driving a Mercedes-Benz, is looking over his shoulder and smiling.	A man is driving a car and smiling.	1
A man with a mustache who is driving a Mercedes-Benz, is looking over his shoulder and smiling.	A clean shaven man is driving a BMW and angry.	0
A man facing the camera and smiling while behind the wheel of a car.	Don't drink and drive	0
A man facing the camera and smiling while behind the wheel of a car.	While driving a car a man is facing the camera and smiling	1
An old man with his face turned around smiling while holding his car wheel.	The old man is eating a sandwich.	0
An old man with his face turned around smiling while holding his car wheel.	An old man has his hands on the wheel of a car.	1
Two girls sitting in a bar.	Two girls are in a race.	0
Two girls sitting in a bar.	Two girls are sitting.	1
Two women are sitting at a table and drinking beer.	The men met at a baseball game after work.	0
Two women are sitting at a table and drinking beer.	Two ladies have a beer after work.	1
Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	The fair was attended by many people.	1
Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	A big event is going on in the community.	1
Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	Multiple people are sitting down at a news conference.	0
Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	Its raining out and the fair is canceled.	0
Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	people building and maintaining attractions at a gathering	0
Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	The people are in a time warp and they don't know they're really sleeping.	0
Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	The people are gathering around the attractions.	1
Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	Many people are working hard in an overgrown field.	0
Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	people are grouped around at a county fair	1
Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.	Multiple people are outside at a country fair.	1
A woman wearing a tank top is lighting a cigarette while sitting with another woman.	The woman is sleeping.	0
A woman wearing a tank top is lighting a cigarette while sitting with another woman.	The woman is wearing clothes.	1
A boy is sitting on a tropical beach with a blue umbrella.	A boy is sitting in the sand.	1
A boy is sitting on a tropical beach with a blue umbrella.	A girl is sitting on a tropical beach with a blue umbrella.	0
A group of people in anime cosplay costumes.	A group of people swimming	0
A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man is sitting and swimming underneath a blue umbrella while wearing a lei	0
A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	The man is sitting	1
A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man in a swimming outfit trying not to get burnt using a blue umbrella.	1
A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man sits on a beach underneath a blue umbrella wearing an Hawaiian style lei	1
A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	The man is holding up a blue umbrella over his feet to prevent the rain from ruining his lei.	0
A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man is resting on the beach.	1
A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man is eating a cheesecake at the beach.	0
A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man is holding an umbrella.	1
A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	it is cold	0
A man sits on a beach wearing swim trunks and a lei, holding a blue umbrella over his head.	A man is sleeping at home.	0
person on street wearing a dragon mask.	a cat wearing a mask	0
person on street wearing a dragon mask.	person wearing a mask	1
A group of girls who are gothically dressed standing together	a group of girls in cheerleader outfits run together.	0
A group of girls who are gothically dressed standing together	a group of gothic girls stand together.	1
Laboratory technicians are checking out some samples.	People are knitting a nice sweater.	0
Laboratory technicians are checking out some samples.	Some scientists are checking their work.	1
A very thin, black dog running in a field.	A dog is running outside	1
A very thin, black dog running in a field.	The dog is in the house	0
A woman is standing behind and supervising another woman in blue gloves working with specimens under a clean hood in a laboratory.	The women are in the lab.	1
A woman is standing behind and supervising another woman in blue gloves working with specimens under a clean hood in a laboratory.	The woman is climbing a mountain.	0
An older woman shows a younger woman in blue gloves and a blue shirt something to observe in a scientific research tissue culture hood.	A woman shows another woman something.	1
An older woman shows a younger woman in blue gloves and a blue shirt something to observe in a scientific research tissue culture hood.	A man is showing somethign to his dog.	0
The swimmer is wearing a green and yellow hat and goggles.	The swimmer is wearing goggles.	1
The swimmer is wearing a green and yellow hat and goggles.	The swimmer is not wearing a hat.	0
A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is playing ice hockey.	0
A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is swimming.	1
A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man wearing a swimming cap and googles is swimming.	1
A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is laying down on his floatation device in the pool.	0
A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	The woman with the grey swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	0
A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A man is in the water.	1
A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	A person in a cap.	1
A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	a man stands next to water with a blue, yellow and green cap and goggles.	0
A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	Nobody is swimming.	0
A man with a blue, yellow and green swimming cap is wearing goggles and swimming.	a man swims with a blue, yellow and green cap and goggles.	1
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.	A swimmer uses the pool.	1
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.	A man runs a mile.	0
A man is stacking rocks by the waterfront.	A man is near the water making stacks of rocks.	1
A man is stacking rocks by the waterfront.	A man is stacking rock bands by the waterfront.	0
Dancer striking a beautiful pose on a basketball court.	The dancer is posing	1
Dancer striking a beautiful pose on a basketball court.	The dancer is outside.	0
This is a scene in the middle of the action of a football game.	This is a scene in the middle of the action of a soccer game.	0
This is a scene in the middle of the action of a football game.	This is a scene in the middle of a football game.	1
A woman with tattoos and ripped stockings is unlocking her bicycle from a pole.	The bicycle is locked to a pole.	1
A woman with tattoos and ripped stockings is unlocking her bicycle from a pole.	The woman is very formally dressed.	0
A religious gathering reading a book.	The people are watching a movie.	0
A religious gathering reading a book.	The people are reading.	1
A blond girl with an instrument on her back wearing a gray tank top, gray shorts and ripped nylons with a bike.	A girl has an instrument.	1
A blond girl with an instrument on her back wearing a gray tank top, gray shorts and ripped nylons with a bike.	A boy is sleeping	0
A woman with tattoos and "punk" style clothing retrieves her bicycle on a busy street in a commercial district.	A woman in corporate wear retrieves her bike on a street.	0
A woman with tattoos and "punk" style clothing retrieves her bicycle on a busy street in a commercial district.	A woman gets her bike in an area for shopping.	1
A blond girl with a tattoo on her arm and a guitar on her back is about to get on her bicycle.	A girl getting on her bicycle.	1
A blond girl with a tattoo on her arm and a guitar on her back is about to get on her bicycle.	A woman eats a sandwich.	0
Tattooed young woman chains her bicycle to a signpost while juggling a guitar on her back.	A man rides his bike to the post office.	0
Tattooed young woman chains her bicycle to a signpost while juggling a guitar on her back.	A woman with tattoos chains her bike to a post.	1
Two men, one in red vest, one in blue practicing a form of martial arts.	The men are sunbathing on a beach.	0
Two men, one in red vest, one in blue practicing a form of martial arts.	The men are martial artist.	1
There are two guys in karate attire, one is kicking in the air.	One guy practices kicking while the other prepares.	1
There are two guys in karate attire, one is kicking in the air.	Many students prepare for the quiz.	0
Two men are engaging in some sort of combat sport.	The men are walking away from each other	0
Two men are engaging in some sort of combat sport.	The men are engaging in a athletic competition	1
A martial arts expert kicking an opponent.	While getting kicked by a martial arts expert, the opponent is getting really upset	1
A martial arts expert kicking an opponent.	Opponents brings a gun and scares the martial artist	0
A man with a gray beard wearing a light green Seattle Seahawks hoodie looks at something while leaning on a railing.	A man is walking.	0
A man with a gray beard wearing a light green Seattle Seahawks hoodie looks at something while leaning on a railing.	A man is leaning on a railing.	1
Well-dressed youths looking bored in a parking lot.	The kids are playing an exciting game.	0
Well-dressed youths looking bored in a parking lot.	Kids are bored.	1
Jet-ski rider drives through crashing wave.	A person is riding a jet ski.	1
Jet-ski rider drives through crashing wave.	A person is using a rowboat.	0
A girl in a yellow shirt and green skirt leans on a car while a man in a suit and a girl in a dress converse.	a man is talking	1
A girl in a yellow shirt and green skirt leans on a car while a man in a suit and a girl in a dress converse.	the girl wore tshirt and a ball cap to the game	0
A man wearing a suit with a red tie is talking to a woman wearing a dress while another woman is leaning against a red car.	A man addressing a woman while another leans against a car.	1
A man wearing a suit with a red tie is talking to a woman wearing a dress while another woman is leaning against a red car.	A man chases a woman with a water balloon.	0
A person wearing a wetsuit rides a jet ski into a wave.	person riding on the water on a jet ski	1
A person wearing a wetsuit rides a jet ski into a wave.	the man is in the circus	0
Two people riding their Ski-Doos up fast rushing white waves.	The people are inside working on mTurk.	0
Two people riding their Ski-Doos up fast rushing white waves.	There are people.	1
A man on a jet ski soars through the waves.	The man is putting on suntan lotion.	0
A man on a jet ski soars through the waves.	A man is outside.	1
A person on a jet ski is going over waves in an ocean.	A human on a ski	1
A person on a jet ski is going over waves in an ocean.	Nobody on a ski.	0
An ad showing Coca Cola in the background and two runners in black Nutrilite jerseys.	Two people are running in front of a pepsi ad.	0
An ad showing Coca Cola in the background and two runners in black Nutrilite jerseys.	Two people are jogging in jerseys with a Coca Cola ad behind them.	1
Young girls playing soccer.	There is a couple of people on a hike.	0
Young girls playing soccer.	There is a group of girls playing soccer.	1
A young boy, a young girl, an older woman and a man gather for a meal	The people are at church praying.	0
A young boy, a young girl, an older woman and a man gather for a meal	The people are gathered to eat.	1
An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is practicing on the field.	girls are going to play a game	1
An elementary schoolgirls soccer team is practicing on the field.	girls are sitting in the playing field.	0
A group of children play on a soccer field.	Kids play in the park	1
A group of children play on a soccer field.	Kids not allowed in park.	0
A grandmother and a small child are sitting at a table being served by a woman in a black shirt.	The grandmother and small child are inside.	1
A grandmother and a small child are sitting at a table being served by a woman in a black shirt.	The child is sleeping in his carriage.	0
an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	Two people are sitting together.	1
an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A father and son eat ice cream.	0
an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	An old lady and child are being served by a Frenchman	0
an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A woman and child are being served food.	1
an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	The people are playing slots at the casino	0
an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	The people are eating.	1
an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	A couple guys are feasting on BBQ ribs	0
an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	Two people are having a meal	1
an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	Relatives are standing up.	0
an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an African person.	An old lady and child are sitting at a table.	1
A boy with face paint looks out over a stone sculpture.	A boy has face paint	1
A boy with face paint looks out over a stone sculpture.	A boy has a mask on	0
The teacher reads a book to the class.	a teacher is reading during recess	0
The teacher reads a book to the class.	a group of school children are enjoying story time.	1
a girl is reading a book to another in a classroom.	A girl watches TV alone.	0
a girl is reading a book to another in a classroom.	A girl reads a book.	1
Two girls reading a children's book in a classroom.	Two girls are in school.	1
Two girls reading a children's book in a classroom.	Two girls are playing tag outside.	0
2 young girls are sitting in front of a bookcase and 1 is reading a book.	Two boys are sitting in front of a bookcase and one boy is reading a book.	0
2 young girls are sitting in front of a bookcase and 1 is reading a book.	Two children are sitting in front of a bookcase, while one girl reads a book.	1
Two girls in shorts sit beside bookshelves filled with books and toys while one reads a large children's picture book.	A girl is reading.	1
Two girls in shorts sit beside bookshelves filled with books and toys while one reads a large children's picture book.	No one is reading.	0
Energetic brown dog running	Pup running.	1
Energetic brown dog running	A cat licks himself.	0
A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A girl is on a beach.	1
A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	The girl is on the beach.	1
A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A girl is outside near the amusement park.	1
A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach prepares to leave earth.	0
A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A boy is riding his bike.	0
A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	The girl skips down the boardwalk.	0
A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A girl doing a split handstand on the beach outside an amusement park.	1
A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A girl doing handstand is with her boyfriend.	0
A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A child is enjoying herself outdoors.	1
A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.	A girl reads a book by a night light.	0
A group of people including a man in a navy shirt and a woman in a bathing suit are on a boat with scuba diving equipment.	A man and a woman are jumping onto land,  off of the boat with scuba diving equipment.	0
A group of people including a man in a navy shirt and a woman in a bathing suit are on a boat with scuba diving equipment.	A man and woman are on a boat with scuba diving equipment.	1
This stone sculptor gently shaded seems to decorate a garden but here a young boy dressed in a US flag decorated t-shirt enjoys climbing on it.	The flag is Canadian.	0
This stone sculptor gently shaded seems to decorate a garden but here a young boy dressed in a US flag decorated t-shirt enjoys climbing on it.	The boy is young.	1
Three brown dogs chase a tennis ball.	Two dogs chase a football.	0
Three brown dogs chase a tennis ball.	Three dogs are playing.	1
Three dogs play with a ball on a field.	There are three animals in this picture.	1
Three dogs play with a ball on a field.	The three dogs are sitting inside their respective houses, eating their kibble before bedtime.	0
Three tan dogs run after a tennis ball.	some animals are playing	1
Three tan dogs run after a tennis ball.	three dogs are sleeping	0
Three dogs are playing outside with a tennis ball.	Three dogs are playing.	1
Three dogs are playing outside with a tennis ball.	The dogs are asleep.	0
Several brown dogs playing with a tennis ball in a grassy field.	dogs playing with a ball	1
Several brown dogs playing with a tennis ball in a grassy field.	dogs playing with a rope	0
A band is performing for an audience.	The audience are waiting to be entertained	1
A band is performing for an audience.	The band are driving on the highway	0
A band called "The Early November" giving a concert to a crowded room.	A bunch of clowns put on a show.	0
A band called "The Early November" giving a concert to a crowded room.	A band gives a concert to a crowd.	1
A band takes the stage and plays to a packed audience.	Musicians are onstage.	1
A band takes the stage and plays to a packed audience.	A talent show participant shocked the audience when he dropped the swords he was juggling on the front row.	0
Crowds seem to appreciate the effort of the boys on stage.	Crowds seem to appreciate the effort of the boys.	1
Crowds seem to appreciate the effort of the boys on stage.	The boy band is terrible.	0
Two teenage girls hang out in a school hallway by blue lockers.	A car is racing through the street.	0
Two teenage girls hang out in a school hallway by blue lockers.	Two girls hang out by some lockers.	1
Sonic employees talking about work.	The employees are talking.	1
Sonic employees talking about work.	The people are in water.	0
A child with a red oriental umbrella has her face painted white and red.	A child with face paint on.	1
A child with a red oriental umbrella has her face painted white and red.	The child has a black and blue painted face.	0
A young girl with a white painted face and red umbrella stands among flower petals.	The young girl with the red umbrella is standing outside among flowers.	1
A young girl with a white painted face and red umbrella stands among flower petals.	The girl is standing on a surfboard.	0
A young girl with a painted face holding a red parasol.	A little girl got her face painted.	1
A young girl with a painted face holding a red parasol.	The little girl is wearing a Hulk mask.	0
A girl with white and red makeup holding a red umbrella.	A girl with black and blue makeup holding a white handkerchief.	0
A girl with white and red makeup holding a red umbrella.	A girl holding an umbrella.	1
A woman stands under a paper umbrella.	A woman is standing up	1
A woman stands under a paper umbrella.	A woman is running	0
A person is riding a bike on a tree.	Someone is on a bike.	1
A person is riding a bike on a tree.	A guy is driving a car up a tree trunk.	0
A girl is standing on the rails of a boardwalk, fishing.	A girl is on a boat fishing.	0
A girl is standing on the rails of a boardwalk, fishing.	A girl is fishing.	1
A brown building with graffiti on it.	A building with graffiti is brown.	1
A brown building with graffiti on it.	A red house.	0
There is girl standing on the pier wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.	the girl is wearing a red shirt	0
There is girl standing on the pier wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.	the girl is fishing	1
A young girl is fishing from a dock on a lake while the sun is setting.	A young girl is fishing	1
A young girl is fishing from a dock on a lake while the sun is setting.	A girl is in the sun dead.	0
a young woman fishing off a dock at sunset.	A woman dressing a fish.	0
a young woman fishing off a dock at sunset.	Woman fishing.	1
The man is skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps.	a man on a skateboard	1
The man is skateboarding down the railing in the middle of the steps.	a man eating pie	0
An older gentleman wearing an elaborate headdress holding a white dog that has had its fur dyed several colors.	A man holds a dog that has dyed fur.	1
An older gentleman wearing an elaborate headdress holding a white dog that has had its fur dyed several colors.	A woman shaves her head.	0
girls sitting with their hands on their laps	the girls sit together	1
girls sitting with their hands on their laps	the cats eat fish	0
A man sitting in an office on a computer.	The man is on the computer in his office.	1
A man sitting in an office on a computer.	The man is cleaning his dek.	0
A man at his desk is reading from his computer monitor.	a person is reading	1
A man at his desk is reading from his computer monitor.	A man spelunks in a cave	0
A young lady wearing a turquoise colored bustier over a black shirt, a black skirt, netted tights, and laced up gloves is sitting next to five other young ladies, most of which are also dressed in black colored fitted clothing.	A group of young men get ready for a football game.	0
A young lady wearing a turquoise colored bustier over a black shirt, a black skirt, netted tights, and laced up gloves is sitting next to five other young ladies, most of which are also dressed in black colored fitted clothing.	A group of ladies sit together.	1
A group of young women are sitting down outside.	The young women are sitting inside.	0
A group of young women are sitting down outside.	There are young women outside.	1
A group of nicely-dressed women are sitting together.	People sitting together.	1
A group of nicely-dressed women are sitting together.	Naked women standing together.	0
A couple is walking down the street.	A couple sit down to eat dinner.	0
A couple is walking down the street.	A duo is strolling down the road.	1
There is a hockey player in the middle of a game.	The person is playing guitar for his friends.	0
There is a hockey player in the middle of a game.	A person is playing hockey.	1
This is a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet.	A hockey player is dressed in a team uniform.	1
This is a hockey player in a red and white uniform and a white helmet.	A hockey player is skating without a helmet.	0
A hockey player during a game.	The player is eating at a restaurant on the beach.	0
A hockey player during a game.	A hockey player is indoor.	1
A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	There is a tall dark-haired man in a white sport coat.	1
A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	A man and women play basketball.	0
A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	A man is walking across the street.	1
A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	Two people are walking along a tiled crosswalk in their bathing suits.	0
A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	A tall, white-haired man has a white sport coat.	0
A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	There is a man wearing a blue sports coat.	0
A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	Two dctors in white coats are working in a lab.	0
A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	Two dark-haired people are wearing white coats.	1
A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	A man and a woman in white sport coats are standing by a crosswalk.	1
A tall, dark-haired man in white sport coat and black slacks is walking along a tiled mosaic crosswalk of various colors and designs beside a woman with short, dark hair who is also wearing a white sport coat but with blue jeans.	A tall, dark-haired man has a white sport coat.	1
Men walking outside near a castle.	There are men running near a lake.	0
Men walking outside near a castle.	There are men walking.	1
family getting ready for wedding.	A family getting ready for a wedding.	1
family getting ready for wedding.	A family sleeping in the living room.	0
Person is riding a bike with blue tires up a tree.	The person is asleep on the bedspread.	0
Person is riding a bike with blue tires up a tree.	There is a person on a bike.	1
People lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.	People are burning flags in the street.	0
People lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.	People are celebrating Flag Day.	1
seven well dressed people stand in a church.	Seven people bet on the ponies.	0
seven well dressed people stand in a church.	People stand in a church.	1
Many flags at full mast with people at the base.	A folded up flag.	0
Many flags at full mast with people at the base.	A lot of people are with flags at full mast.	1
A son and his parents are taking a group picture in a church.	A son and his parents are worshipping in the church	0
A son and his parents are taking a group picture in a church.	A son and his parents are in the picture	1
Two men staring into space.	The men are in an underground bunker.	0
Two men staring into space.	The men are looking up at the sky.	1
Two boys are sitting to a table filled with food and snacks.	Two young boys, candy bars and other snacks jammed in their pockets, ran across the field to get away from the store clerk.	0
Two boys are sitting to a table filled with food and snacks.	The table was covered with lots of food.	1
Two teenagers are staring across a table.	Two teenagers are facing each other.	1
Two teenagers are staring across a table.	One of the teenagers is looking to the left and the other to the right.	0
There is two young men sitting at a table and there is cookies and cups on the table.	Two men share a meal.	1
There is two young men sitting at a table and there is cookies and cups on the table.	People out having chicken wings.	0
Two young men with curly hair are seated at a table, eating.	Two young men are throwing up.	0
Two young men with curly hair are seated at a table, eating.	Two young men are eating.	1
A woman wearing boots is praying on the ground	A woman in boots is praying as she jumps in the air.	0
A woman wearing boots is praying on the ground	A person with footwear is engaged in a religious activity.	1
A maintenance worker on hands and knees cleaning out drainage ditch.	A worker cleans out a drainage ditch.	1
A maintenance worker on hands and knees cleaning out drainage ditch.	A female worker dances on a stripper pole.	0
A worker is on their hands and knees at a work site by a white fence.	The worker is working on a fence	1
A worker is on their hands and knees at a work site by a white fence.	The worker urinating on the fence	0
A person on their knees looking for something.	A person standing in a room.	0
A person on their knees looking for something.	A person looking for something.	1
A man attempting to fix a broken concrete wall.	A man working on a wall that is broken.	1
A man attempting to fix a broken concrete wall.	A man taking a nap against a concrete wall.	0
A man in stripes, a woman in sunglasses, and a child in a blue hat in front of a brick building.	A man, woman, and a child stands in front of a building.	1
A man in stripes, a woman in sunglasses, and a child in a blue hat in front of a brick building.	People are working on something in the kitchen.	0
Female dancer in a green and white dress.	A male dancer in a tuxedo.	0
Female dancer in a green and white dress.	A woman is in a dress.	1
Two people talk while sitting by a desk.	Two people are standing at the water cooler.	0
Two people talk while sitting by a desk.	People are sitting by a desk.	1
Two tennis players are talking on the tennis courts.	Everyone is at a volleyball court.	0
Two tennis players are talking on the tennis courts.	The ground is green.	1
Usain Bolt is in the lead of a race in the 2012 London Olympics.	Usain Bolt fell behind the pack in the race.	0
Usain Bolt is in the lead of a race in the 2012 London Olympics.	Usain Bolt ran in the 2012 Olympics.	1
A musician putting on a show.	The guitarist is performing for the audience.	1
A musician putting on a show.	The man was fast asleep.	0
A man standing with a microphone under lights in front of a crowd.	A man is standing.	1
A man standing with a microphone under lights in front of a crowd.	Women are knitting.	0
Several people are on a boat in the ocean with scuba gear.	the boat is full of people with hang gliding gear	0
Several people are on a boat in the ocean with scuba gear.	several people are on a boat with scuba gear	1
A woman stopped in the middle of the street with her yoga mat placed over her shoulder.	A woman stopped in the middle of the street.	1
A woman stopped in the middle of the street with her yoga mat placed over her shoulder.	A woman with a yoga mat is sitting on a subway train.	0
A woman holding a yoga mat looking down the street.	A woman crawls to the door.	0
A woman holding a yoga mat looking down the street.	A person walks with something.	1
A woman with long hair is holding a yoga mat.	A female with lengthy hair is holding a yoga mat.	1
A woman with long hair is holding a yoga mat.	The woman is sleeping.	0
A woman in a city is looking behind her.	this woman never looks behind her back	0
A woman in a city is looking behind her.	a woman is looking behind herself	1
A woman on a city street looks back.	A man is sitting on the curb.	0
A woman on a city street looks back.	A woman is on the street.	1
children sitting on the floor while one boy gazes off into space.	Kids are gathered together.	1
children sitting on the floor while one boy gazes off into space.	Kids are napping.	0
Lady in strip shirt, waiting to cross street.	lady waits to cross the street	1
Lady in strip shirt, waiting to cross street.	a man waits in the lobby	0
Lady in strip shirt, waiting to cross street.	lady is trying to get a taxi to stop for her	0
Two people are walking through some water.	Three people are walking through water	0
Two people are walking through some water.	The people are partially wet	1
A man wearing a white top hat.	A man is diving for scallops in the North Sea.	0
a man walking down a shady street with a shopping bag.	A person is outside.	1
a man walking down a shady street with a shopping bag.	A woman is walking along a beach with a plastic bag and two dogs.	0
An old Asian man walks with a filled bag down the sidewalk.	An old Asian man walks with a filled doughnut	0
An old Asian man walks with a filled bag down the sidewalk.	An old Asian man walks with a filled bag	1
A man is carrying a white bag and walking down a tree lined street.	A man is walking down a street	1
A man is carrying a white bag and walking down a tree lined street.	The man is on a boat	0
A man holding a plastic bag walks down the sidewalk wearing a white tank top and black pants.	A man holding a plastic bag walks down the sidewalk	1
A man holding a plastic bag walks down the sidewalk wearing a white tank top and black pants.	A man holding a plastic bag doesn't walk down the sidewalk	0
A woman wearing a striped shirt stands in front of a Mercedes.	A woman wearing a shirt stands in front of a Mercedes.	1
A woman wearing a striped shirt stands in front of a Mercedes.	A man wearing a striped shirt stands in front of a Mercedes.	0
The two seated girls smile towards the camera.	Two girls are sitting, posing for the camera	1
The two seated girls smile towards the camera.	The girls are busy playing with barbies	0
Four men in dark colored clothing appear to be praying or meditating on a wooden floor	Some people are praying or meditating.	1
Four men in dark colored clothing appear to be praying or meditating on a wooden floor	Some monks are practicing martial arts.	0
A group of men dressed in blue in Monk style robes kneeling and bowing on a wooden floor.	The group of men are dressed in tuxedos.	0
A group of men dressed in blue in Monk style robes kneeling and bowing on a wooden floor.	The monks are kneeling on the floor.	1
On wooden floor, martial arts instructor bowing before students with all in blue martial arts clothing.	Martial arts students are sitting on the carpet.	0
On wooden floor, martial arts instructor bowing before students with all in blue martial arts clothing.	A martial arts instructor bows in respect to his students.	1
A grand master and students in a martial arts class bow towards each other in a gesture of respect for each other and the sacred art.	The group are inside a martial arts studio.	1
A grand master and students in a martial arts class bow towards each other in a gesture of respect for each other and the sacred art.	The group of soccer players celebrate their recent game.	0
Two men riding something at a rodeo, in front of a huge crowd.	Two men are performing in front of people.	1
Two men riding something at a rodeo, in front of a huge crowd.	Two men are playing chess in a court yard.	0
As spectators watch, a man dressed in a cowboy outfit rides on the front of a long yellow tractor.	a man in a cowboy outfit rides on a yellow tractor	1
As spectators watch, a man dressed in a cowboy outfit rides on the front of a long yellow tractor.	the man is riding a big red tractor in a tuxedo	0
Man riding a yellow machine on a dirt field at an event	a man is driving a piece of equipment on the grounds of a venue.	1
Man riding a yellow machine on a dirt field at an event	a man on a bulldozer drove across freshly layed sod to get to his daughters wedding.	0
The person in the red is on a bike.	The man is standing on a unicycle.	0
The person in the red is on a bike.	The person is on a bike.	1
A person rides a bicycle through a forest trail.	A person rides a vehicle outdoors.	1
A person rides a bicycle through a forest trail.	A person falls off a bike in the woods.	0
A mountain biker in red is riding on a woodland path.	This man is biking	1
A mountain biker in red is riding on a woodland path.	This man is on his way to work	0
A red shirted bike rider rounds a corner on a trail in the woods.	A person is outside in the woods.	1
A red shirted bike rider rounds a corner on a trail in the woods.	The biker is sitting on the bench in the rain.	0
People running a race and the guy in gray is in the lead.	Some people are moving fast.	1
People running a race and the guy in gray is in the lead.	Some people are sleeping.	0
A brown and white dog playing with black dog.	The dog is playing with the other dog.	1
A brown and white dog playing with black dog.	Two dogs jump in the water.	0
A bicyclist doing a jump.	The bicyclist is on the ground.	0
A bicyclist doing a jump.	The bicyclist is in the air.	1
A four wheeler being raced down a dirt road by a person in a matching blue riding suit and helmet.	The person is traveling at sea.	0
A four wheeler being raced down a dirt road by a person in a matching blue riding suit and helmet.	A person is traveling down an unpaved road.	1
Closeup of three crosscountry skiers competing while the man in the lead looks forward with fierce determination.	Three skiers race in the snow.	1
Closeup of three crosscountry skiers competing while the man in the lead looks forward with fierce determination.	This area has had zero inches of precipitation in the last five years.	0
Two boys are holding up a blue Unicef bag and a blue Unicef bucket.	There are two boys.	1
Two boys are holding up a blue Unicef bag and a blue Unicef bucket.	The girls are taking donations.	0
There are a team of winter athletes skiing together in a line formation.	It is cold outside.	1
There are a team of winter athletes skiing together in a line formation.	They are at the beach.	0
A young woman wearing a pink tank top jumps on her skateboard.	There is a woman.	1
A young woman wearing a pink tank top jumps on her skateboard.	The tank top is purple.	0
Girl in pink tank top grinds on a rail with a skateboard	A boy is rollerskating.	0
Girl in pink tank top grinds on a rail with a skateboard	A person is wearing a tank top.	1
The girl in the pink top is riding a skateboard along a white wall.	The girl has a broken leg.	0
The girl in the pink top is riding a skateboard along a white wall.	The girl is skateboarding outside.	0
